three-two-one
hello Tim how's it going thanks for
finally being here yeah long story right
yeah I definitely drank too much coffee
before we get here so if I hear like
cracked out I swear to god I'm not on
pills but uh glad to hear it but so we
had a nice conversation on the phone
about deep platforming and social media
and what it was very obvious to me in
talking to you was that you're way more
schooled on this than I am so that's why
I wanted to have this conversation with
you right yeah part of what was like
ivory listened to my podcast with Jack
and you had a good criticism of it I
agree with a lot of what he said first
of all I agree that it was kind of
boring yeah and it was I think in many
for many reasons it was my fault I don't
think I prepared enough for it and I
also don't think I understood the
magnitude of how other people felt about
deep platforming on Twitter and in all
social media YouTube and all these
different things and what the
ramifications are and how how much this
means to people to have very clear and
obvious obvious free speech outside of
very egregious examples of like threats
and daxing and prayer like that which I
think we can all agree right I think
this problem might be one of the like
one of the worst problems we're facing
right now politically yes
you know the Twitter is where public
discourse is happening it's where
journalists are and this is a problem
sourcing a lot of their stories yes so
if you have somebody who's completely
removed from public discourse that
that's exile you know I can I can
imagine why some people kind of lose
their minds and that happens and I think
going into that conversation with him
well that's what I wanted it to be
that's why I don't really interview
people any kind of have conversations
with them yeah occasionally we have
disagreements and we you know we talk
about things and you know but it's not I
don't have like a mandate my only
comment the only thing I wanted to get
out of the conversation is I wanted to
find out what it was like to start that
organization and to have no idea when
you were doing it that it was going to
be essentially
like one of the most important
distribution at avenues for information
an actus buddy an activist buddy of mine
asked me if I knew why people smash
windows smash Starbucks it's not because
they think they're gonna cause damage
it's because they want to strike a
symbol down of something they view
oppresses them Jack Dorsey is that
symbol to a lot of people and you know
to see here you know I was saying
earlier is I think a lot of people look
at you you're like a real dude you know
your your conversations are real you
have you're not one of these fake news
journalists that people are very
critical of that field they're their
bias or of an agenda so when you sit
down with Jack Dorsey and doesn't go
anywhere people then feel like the last
person who's not supposed to let us down
let us down you know I mean ya know I
look I thank you twice as much I felt it
and I noticed that I got you know more
hate for that one than probably anything
that I've ever done and you know I'm not
a guy shied away from criticism I try to
figure out what I did wrong and try to
regroup and figure out how to approach
it again and in Jack's defense you know
I think he's very open to talking about
anything and also he's also very open
for self criticism I mean he was openly
discussing what they're doing wrong
where they need to be clear were they
needing to get better I don't believe
any of it you don't I don't trust that
guy not at all um
you know why don't you trust him I mean
first of all there's the obvious thing
that is running he's a bunch of
companies I could be wrong but I believe
he actually left Twitter he wasn't the
CEO for a while they brought him back in
or something but it either sounds like
why we check on that so yeah yeah you
know I I I tried to avoid asserting
things that I'm not 100% sure on but me
too but I do it all the time I mean
right right Jack says things like he
said to you he said to Congress I
believe he said to Congress um we don't
ban people based on the content we ban
people based on their conduct yes okay
you yet you literally have a Terms of
Service that bans specific content
mm-hmm like what do you mean you don't
maybe based on content there's a you
know I'll just get into naming some
people right Megan Murphy for example is
a feminine Megan Murphy okay she's that
woman that the whole issue with men are
women right right so so here's what this
is what's important she was responding
to sweets explained that free so this
could be along because we talked about
yesterday would say I'm Harris but
um so I don't know what too much about
Megan Murphy but she's a feminist she's
a what they call a trans exclusionary
radical feminist but I think that that
might be offensive says let's remember
why Jack Dorsey was fired as Twitter CEO
he was fired okay let's see what it says
this isn't fortune 2008 that was there
wasn't even was her a Twitter yeah yeah
2008 Jesus Christ
Dorsey's management was so problematic
Twitter's bored fire this is an opinion
piece fired him a 2008 offering him a
passive chairman role in silent board
seat 2010 he was founding square square
he went rogue okay so something happened
you know it's funny as you called it an
opinion piece but do they I don't know
that's that's where we're at in
journalism today what would someone set
well it has to be an opinion piece when
someone says was so problematic right I
mean that's an opinion sure a real facts
are he was fired you know you could
state the specific reason that was
stated by the company and that would be
a non opinion piece yes you flavor it
it's all opinion right it is right that
is an issue right with information the
distribution of information its flavored
by opinion in ideology all of it yeah
all of it well we can talk about that
yeah I don't to derails know no one or
anything
yeah okay so Megan Murphy please explain
it she was a feminist she said she's a
so she's called her a trans exclusionary
look I understand this is offensive
you know I guess calling someone a trans
exclusionary radical feminist I'm
assuming wasn't wasn't offensive it's
just used in an offensive way I suppose
to them to her offensive against against
people like her yeah so there's
intersectional feminists right they tend
to be trans inclusive meaning that they
believe that someone who's born
biologically biologically male can
compete with those violet biologically
female if they transition if they take
hormones and things like that can
compete compete right like were lifting
and racing biking and stuff that's where
I step in yeah yeah I've seen some of
Ceph you've talked about the trans
exclusionary group think they shouldn't
and they've said things that are
considered to be part I say considered
to be offensive I'm not trying to assert
who's offended by it but there's one
recent story where a trans exclusion
that radical feminists said that the
trans rights movement is a men's rights
movement right they say yeah in the case
of Megan Murphy she responded to someone
she said men aren't women though that's
not harassment right that was a
conversation with somebody else well
it's also a fact she was permanently
been well that's crazy right saying men
aren't women okay out of context just
say it right there men aren't women who
the fuck is gonna argue with that well
I'll let you say trans people
okay now you're into gray area but
actually but the statement men aren't
women I mean well you have to take it in
context right right right but this is
where we start getting into the
nitty-gritty of I guess left-wing
ideologies the culture war yeah if you
go on Wikipedia and you look up man it
will tell you a man is an adult human
male right but if you look up trans man
it will say a trans man is a men and so
the trans section of Wikipedia is at
odds factually with the man section so
that so the reason I bring this up is
that when it comes to Twitter then we
can clearly see the bias hmm Twitter
says you can't miss gender someone and
that presumably that's why Megan Murphy
was banned okay that's a left-wing
ideology right but that's nice
is she what she's talking about a
specific human I think she was I think
they were having a conversation about
somebody I don't know the full details
details
but I gotta say look right now people
are being banned or suspended for saying
learn to code okay that's yeah what is
that about you explain that to me to you
and I saw a few people getting but
should we start one at a time should we
yeah let's stick with Megan well I mean
I think we've we've we've reached that
the point of Megan right she was banned
for having a conversation and saying men
aren't women though that was the quote
men aren't women though right but so and
they're saying that they would never ban
someone for content they banned them for
behavior right so if what is that
behavior I have no idea like listen if
you are using Twitter the way Twitter
was designed to engage and respond to
people is that bad conduct it can't be
conduct it literally can't be conduct
well not only that aren't you allowed to
have opinions that are in fact based in
biology yes you should be and action
denied before we go any further before
you get called all right you very you're
very left right um I you know I
typically say Center left central are
like Oh God people were saying how many
times someone commented how many times
will Tim mention he's a social liberal
laying I'm center left I
was a big fan of Bernie you know Bernie
Sanders he's still one of my favorite
politicians people didn't call me a
socialist
you know conservatives call me left left
calls me right whatever yes these labels
are so fucking toxic it's so confusing
to people and it causes so much so much
division between two sides it might not
even differ that much you know the funny
thing about it is I got my start during
Occupy Wall Street and conservatives
called me far left because I was
reporting on the protests what they were
doing police brutality right the arrests
they said this is a far left activist
now that I'm I've always been critical
of the more extreme factions like I've
got interviews from seven you know six
seven years ago where I'm critical of
these people now all of a sudden they're
accusing me of being all trite for being
critical of extremists and masks you
know starting fires and things like
we're all right adjacent that's my new
favorite yeah boot licker already Jason
well boot licker boot licker that's
that's you know there's a lot of phrases
that people use that mean literally
nothing boot lerton um one of my
favorites is to keep in the context of
Twitter they say freedom of speech
freedom of speech does not mean freedom
from consequence that literally doesn't
mean anything it literally means nothing
yeah well that's just trying to skirt
around freedom of speech that's what it
is so what ends up happening but but you
agree with that like you should be able
to speak your mind but you there's
certain consequences of certain things
that you say if I throw this bottle at
the wall there's a consequence so that's
a physical move motion if I drink this
water there's a consequence all
throughout the bathroom right so to sit
to point out that actions have
consequences is not actually addressing
any of the issues it's it's just
literally saying nothing but it's it's
it's almost it's just like you can
predict when someone will say it and
it's usually when a specific person is
banned they'll say freedom of speech
freedom consequence all that stuff
mm-hmm
they don't say it when it's their people
they say you know no but but this is
true too in talking about Twitter
censorship there are people on the Left
who have been banned unjustly and this
is where it gets actually scarier in my
opinion you'll have I could name so many
people Jesse Jesse Kelly was banned for
no reason CJ Pierson was bad I think
twice you see no reason what no they
have no recourse I was an accident
oops they said it was an accident yeah
then for life or ban he was he was
short amount of time no I so I could be
wrong my understanding is Jesse Kelly
was a conservative had his account just
banned and there was a huge stink in the
media like whoa whoa well this guy
didn't do anything who is Jesse kills
the conservative guy you know he posts
snarky tweets he doesn't harass people
are anything is a verified Twitter user
so much of stories came up saying what
is this Twitter then reinstates and said
it was it wasn't a mistake now is it
possible that they're just dealing with
blunt tools and that there was a mistake
oh well yeah absolutely absolutely um
but then I'd have to the reason why I
don't think it was a mistake very simply
is for one we can see the ideological
bent to their rules but then you look at
someone like milo gianopolous like I'm
not a fan of Milo I have to make sure
like everybody knows that but just
because I'm critical of the actions
taken against him doesn't mean I support
him but why was he banned cuz he tweeted
it Leslie Jones right and the idea was
that his tweet caused his fans to attack
her which i think is that's a stretch
that's that's that's just that's just
ridiculous a go get her he didn't say
attack her he was just tweeting at her
yeah and you know what did he call her
ugly did he say something like he was
insulting arey I think he called her
ugly he was he was mocking this feminist
version of Ghostbusters right that's
what he was doing he was talking it was
like a critique of the movie look i-i've
had Milo on the podcast way back in the
day I had him on twice I enjoyed talking
to him he's hilarious he's very smart
he's very witty he's a character he's
very much a provocateur but he's also
you know he's pushing buttons on purpose
like he's trying to get reactions from
people right yeah rolling yeah I mean I
almost think like he married a black I
just let people know he's not gay people
know whether he's not racist it's
hilarious and I wouldn't I would never
say something like I would say there but
I almost think it you don't worry you
can understand why Milo would do that
he's calculated yeah but listen did that
I don't think he did that earlier but I
mean that's how much of an act a lot of
what's going but if you talk to him
off-camera he's a very nice guy very
reasonable very polite I don't I don't
trust them I'm not a I'm not a big fan
you know he fat shame to do it at the
gym right literally so making fun of a
photo of a guy
Jim yeah and I actually argue with him
about at one point I was like you want
to do like you won your skinny he's fat
but no you could Lou you literally
shamed him to the point where he's had
to go to the gym to better himself and
you're still making fun of him so did he
wait a minute he shamed him before the
guy went to the gym no well I mean I
don't mean literally I mean like Milo's
rhetoric of shaming people and getting
them you know saying they're nasty and
stuff and then it right but you out the
guy listen to him and that's why I went
to the gym no no I didn't mean literally
you know I just mean like if Milo plays
it up like I'm gonna shame people and
tell they don't work out why would you
but but I'll say that's look that's fine
Milo can can say the nasty things and be
the kind of person he is right he
shouldn't have been banned from Twitter
that's ridiculous why was this
verification badge removed that was
another it's it's it's plain as day well
the verification one was weird it's like
we're gonna keep you here but we're
gonna take away the verification lets
people know you're you right so it opens
the door to fraud right and right it
opens the door to fake Milo's and you
don't know who's who because there's no
blue checkmark that doesn't necessarily
make any sense and then we get to Julian
Assange right who couldn't get verified
what yeah they wouldn't have and so a
bunch of fake accounts started popping
up wait a minute he's not verified
Wiki I believe WikiLeaks is but and then
I I think Julian Assange's account was
changed into the defend Assange account
but it's not verified at least I'm
pretty sure why what was the reasoning
behind not verifying Julian Assange I
don't think there was one okay can we do
let's take a little sidebar here yeah
can you tell me what's wrong with Julian
Assange like what what is the idea that
this guy is some some super villain some
bad person that did something terrible
because he exposed some information like
what it what am I missing
it's bags I guess it depends on how
conspiratorial you want to get but
Julian Assange
they they they've labeled him like the
intelligence agencies on my camera I
think I may have been James clapper said
that he is acting as a private
intelligence adversary of the US or
something to that effect so of Russia
you mean no the Julian Assange is acting
independently against the US oh yes
right right and so that the leaks
Assange put out very damaging to the US
right I think that's fair to say sure
they don't like him so you know then he
ends up getting accused of I believe
molestation I'm
you know it was secret sir it's it's
it's pretty complicated he was having
consensual sex with a woman accountant
and then no no no I don't think so I
think while they're in the in bed then
the accusation was that he without a
condom on he had sex with her again
I don't think that's you know I'll be
honest it's been years but I don't think
that's the case I thought that there
there's I'll say this there it's been
years I think you know yeah but there
was reference to a condom breaking and I
think what happened was he said it was
fine or something but but you know
outside of that you know the guy's been
locked up for how long you know I think
I think it was the UN said something
like it's a violation of his human
rights or whatever and yeah we went over
it was like what is it six years if he's
been locked up for more than six years
yeah that's crazy and it's because
there's an man this is getting a little
bit out of my wheelhouse but I think the
US has preparing a grand jury indictment
against him so but again you know and
Chelsea Manning who gave him the
information is now free and out of jail
i I don't I think it's presumed that
Chelsea did I thought it was maybe maybe
it is you know it's been years since
I've you know track a lot of this stuff
in crime but back to the main point dr.
Assange wasn't verified WikiLeaks was
I'm pretty sure okay so verification is
not just hey this is Tim Poole there's
Jamie Vernon oh that's that's the real
Jamie give him a blue checkmark it's we
don't like you so we're gonna take away
your check mark even though we know
you're the real you it's it's like it's
a class yeah it's an elite class of
people a removal of approval yeah
there are some people who I think have
removed their own verification badges
and you can just change your name and it
erases I think PewDiePie did it once and
then immediately immediately got it back
that's yeah I could yeah but you know
why remove someone's verification right
what is that what does that do
no I'm a hundred percent agreement so
what was so another another interesting
thing we can sort of segue into is why
was a Laura Loomer banned you don't have
to be a fan of Laura Loomer you can you
can question her politics was she banned
before after she jumped Nancy Pelosi's
fence before
but she's you know I'll say this man
like I ate it about it if Oh God talking
about Twitter if you even if you don't
like her you got to admit she knows how
to get press yeah she knows how to
generate that buzz and then she's really
good at it
so but here's the thing she got banned
permanently because she tweeted too I
believe it was Ilan Omar criticism about
Sharia law she accused I I couldn't you
know you could pull the tweet but I
think she accused Ilan of promoting
Sharia which results in like all these
horrific things and they banned her for
it okay disagree with her all you want
but that was her criticizing a
politician mm-hmm you can't have a
lawsuit against Donald Trump claiming
you can't you know you Trump can't block
somebody because it's a public forum but
then when it comes to a congressperson
public you know just permanently ban
someone for saying something critical of
their ideology and I think what's really
critical here is that there has to be
some sort of clarification for what
policies were violated and how they were
violated like that that seems to be
especially for public figures yeah
because it's one thing if we don't know
a person in the background but when you
know a person when it's a Laurel umer or
a mildly innopolis and it's a public
case and then you you get this feeling
that to say no cuz we decide and this is
it well Joe don't worry because no
matter what Twitter does they're going
to be defended by the New York digital
you know journalist elites who will
misrepresent what's going on in an
effort to obvious Kate or sometimes
outright lie about what's going on and
this brings me to learn to code yeah
okay yes right learn to code so else to
you about this the other day right
people are getting banned for learn to
code I'm like what the fuck is that like
what is that so
when coal miners were getting laid off a
bunch of articles emerged saying
teaching minors to code can we teach
minors how to code and they were showing
videos about it I don't believe it was
it wasn't intended to be derogatory or
insulting but to a lot of people that
came off as this bourgeois let them eat
cake oh your career has been destroyed
you're a 50-year old man with a family
go to Silicon Valley and do something
you've never even thought about right
let's so it came off as to a lot of
people as just elitist right so when
these journalists start getting laid off
this meme spreads I don't know exactly
where it started where they say learn to
code to the journalists well this an
interesting thing happens
John Levine I think his name from the
rap tweets someone from Twitter told me
you will you can you can be banned for
tweeting learn to code at a laid-off
journalists conservatives start tweeting
it far and wide like here we go this is
a reporter from the rap was confirmed
this all of a sudden then other
journalists can't come out and say this
is a lie this is not true this is fake
news conservatives are spreading fake
news again and they say we have a new up
a new statement from Twitter that said
we're only in banning we're only banning
people who are engaging in our
harassment campaign when I got a few
problems is tweeting a meme at somebody
critical of them a harassment campaign
is that a meme yeah right yeah it's like
it condenses an idea so here's the thing
I got sent a bunch of screaming
screenshots from people now people can
fix screenshots I understand that some
but but I checked some people Twitter
accounts I saw that they were tweeting
this and I believe for the most part
this is what happened someone tweeted
something to a BuzzFeed journalist you
know oh you guys believed X Y & Z yeah
whatever hashtag learned to code
criticizing them mm-hmm suspension so
then these journalists come out and say
this is not true it's just people
engaging in a harassment campaign so I
said look at this guy's account he's got
one tweet that says learn to code is
that him harassing somebody and they
said oh but you're taking out of context
then john levine from the rep says
update twitter spokesperson who was my
source is now saying clarifying it is
about the harassment campaign and then
another journalist comes out and says he
his quotes fake Twitter's and I ever
saying it but here's the thing the
editor-in-chief of The Daily Caller just
a couple day I think a couple days ago
took a tweet from The Daily Show and and
he it was a it was a from the State of
the Union and he tweeted learned to code
and quote tweeted a video suspended so
it's very clearly not about a harassment
campaign but why then were all of these
journalists so ready to jump up and
defend Twitter when Twitter you know
what I said okay if Twitter is claiming
they're banning people who are engaging
in harassment campaign you you mean
they've confirmed they're banning people
for tweeting learn to code
they just consider it harassment how is
it that learned to code is harassment
but Kathy Griffin saying to all of our
millions of fans I want these kids names
several times or another verified
account
because not his famous literally calling
it for the death of these kids and
instructing people to kill them is not a
banned Apple offense it's not harassment
campaign that's true yeah I don't want
to I don't want to mention the guy's
name into the name but yes absolutely
he said something the effective put them
in a school lock it and burn it down and
when you see them fire on them this
guy's still active on Twitter there you
know you know right now there are ant so
now we can laugh there's there's so much
here dude yeah we've got the proud voice
all of them purged from Twitter okay
say whatever you want about the proud
boys if they deserve to be banned fine
why wasn't an tyfa Bend a lot of people
respond to me and say but Tim auntie
fuzz random people who wear masks you
don't know that's not true
there are branded cells of an tyfa that
have their own merchandise still active
some of these groups have published the
private information of law enforcement
officers still active no action taken
against them so you know i'd also this
this in indicates a heavy left-wing bias
i wouldn't necessarily say left-wing I
would say intersectional identity Rhian
ideological bias right it's it's it's
it's hard to pinpoint what the tribes
are in the culture war but Twitter is
clearly acting in defense of
intersectional activism now do you think
that this is a mandate do you think this
is written somewhere do you think
there's people who are in the company
that have power that are acting
independently it's it's grains of sand
they make a heap right urines you're in
Silicon Valley you're in a very blue
area the people who get hired tend to
hold certain views and because they all
live in their own bubble they believe
they're the majority and thus they think
they're acting justly to ban those who
are at odds with them we're in the
social engineering and and this brings
back into journalism the big problem
it's you know for decades I don't know
how long journalism has been dominated
by self-identified liberals there's the
ton of polls I think was at about 2015
poll showing Republicans are like seven
percent of journalists or some
ridiculously small number and it's a
really simple reason for it news
organizations are headquartered in big
cities the big ones you know seeing even
Fox News is in New York so there's a lot
of people who work at Fox News are
actually liberal people don't seem to
know that you live in New York you're
probably not a staunch conservative so
what happens then news breaks you've got
all these journalists cuz I've worked
with them you
worked for vice I worked for fusion and
they sit around at tables they meet up
after work from different offices and
they talk about things and they all tell
each other the exact same thing and so
this is why you see covington happen
these people follow each other on
Twitter so when someone tweets this
magic it got in the face of Nathan
Phillips they only see each other's
tweets and they just write it they don't
do any journalism and it goes minute I
can't believe four days and I was even
in the New York Times correct yeah yep
yeah
the New York Times Aaron's talking about
this and it's mind-blowing to me because
the second video that came out from
Covington you literally watch Nathan
Phillips walking up to the kid and get
his face bill Mahr you know what four or
five days later says the kid got in his
face and I'm like how are you yeah you
know I shame on Bill Maher for for for
saying that it's not true but at the
same time we have a serious journalism
problem and this links back to Twitter
and and that that story in particular
really almost like condensed all the
problems into one unit yet and what's
what's what's fascinating is following
this story an op ed I believe it was in
the New York Times said stop tweeting
art said never tweet brian Stelter from
CNN then got a statement that I always
say I believe because I don't have the
sources pulled up but someone from
Twitter said journalists are the
lifeblood of our platform and so that's
why I think you've got these
predominantly new york-based progressive
writers they're fresh out of college
they get hired for you know moderate
salaries to work in a newsroom sit
around each other all day sharing the
same ideas not exploring anything
outside their bubble and Twitter
supports them because they're the ones
who drive traffic to Twitter they keep
the conversation going and I think
that's where Twitter's bias partly comes
from the other is that clearly you're in
San Francisco you're gonna have you know
your staff the people who are who are
you know running content curation and
banning people they lean left so why why
Kathy Griffin wasn't banned probably
because she's very famous but then I
have to wonder why Alex Jones was so you
only the only real differentiator there
I guess is either mainstream notoriety
or ideological tribe well Jamie you
pulled up why Alex was banned to which
is you know it's not very clear like
when
when you think about the fact that they
were saying that he had never done
anything on their platform that was bana
bull and then what was the one final
thing like any Jack didn't know what he
was he got he confronted Oliver Darcy of
CNN in DC and for several minutes was
yelling at him while they filmed and
apparently that's my understanding was
the justification for banning him that
he was harassing a journalist or
something that effect which is in my
opinion absurd and and was doing it on
Twitter um I guess they posted to terms
live on periscope with their own
platform so if you do something on
periscope they can get you banned from
Twitter well that's the same thing right
yeah the same because they're connected
yep I don't know at what point lash I
think it was last year there was like an
announcement I saw it on Twitch but I
think it also happened on YouTube they
like collectively said if you do
something on our platform sorry if you
do something on another platform and we
see that you could lose your status on
our platform too or if that means public
also and we see that with with patreon
but I don't want to deviate into patreon
yeah we can we could get to that later
but so so I in my opinion
so it's make it makes a good point how
does Alex Jones get banned for giving
that guy a hard time but Kathy Griffin
doesn't get banned for literally calling
for these children leading a harassment
campaign against aims of someone with
millions of followers led a harassment
campaign I'm gonna use their language
right if you're calling on your
followers to do something York you're
engaging in a campaign yeah but Alex
Jones confronting the journalists who
advocated for his banning is abandon
bill offense here's the important thing
about Jones
Oliver Darcy said on CNN it wasn't that
Jones broke the rules that got him
banned because you know what what Darcy
said is he's been breaking the rules in
the past they never cared it was only
because of media pressure they took
action against him okay well we know
many other people break the rules
we know far-left accounts have doxed law
enforcement we know Kathy Griffin a lot
of harassment campaign there's no media
pressure that's one of the big problems
Twitter knows conservatives aren't going
to be able to level any kind of campaign
against their platform there's not
scared of it right but you know I often
wonder why is it that as as prominent
and powerful as conservative groups can
be why they often lose these
battles and I'm not going to say this is
the primary reason but I will point out
do does Twitter believe that you know I
often use Sargon of Akkad as an example
the liberalist anti CW character do they
believe he'll lead a group of liberal
liberal lists and and individualist Stu
Twitter headquarters with crowbars and
Molotov cocktails of course not so that
what did he get banned from my
understand with patreon but what happens
with his original Twitter thing was that
he posted an image of interracial gay
porn at white nationalists so but I
don't I don't I think that was the first
time and then he got banned for that
heat well he then he came back to the
platform and then got I don't know what
happened a second time I think it was
banned invasions are them the porn rules
because sometimes I'll be scrolling
through my feet and you'll just see porn
I understanding it is not allowed I
porns just not allowed I mean what about
porn heard it is I've heard it I've
heard it is a lot and I've heard it
isn't it's definitely there yeah yeah
it's like porn stars have porn if you go
to a porn stars page you'll see porn on
it a lot of it
yeah like real penetration porn they
don't care hmm or maybe there's there's
the true speak we can see it marked by
someone as saying this isn't appropriate
and if enough people that follow a porn
star don't think it's inappropriate it
doesn't then get flagged in the system
that's a good news thing I think we may
have found the the Switzerland of the
culture war porn yeah no one who wants
to ban porn the left and the right
they're like oh hold on hold on no
that's okay it's okay we can ban them
for their ideas yeah we just leave the
porn alone yeah but the point I was
making is you see an taifa at Berkeley
yeah one hundred thousand dollars with
the damaged long Molotov cocktails
threatening people in in Portland you
had a Bernie voter carrying an American
flag these anti fascist the anti fuck
tried stealing the flag from him clubbed
him over the head gave him a concussion
put him in a hospital so when I see the
ramifications of ire from the left or
the right
what does what conservatives do I mean
the GOP couldn't even find a yearbook in
the Virginia Governor race I don't think
they're considered to be that big of a
cultural threat they react to things
they get upset about things that are
unfair against them but they don't go
through the streets with clubs and
bricks and smash windows like an tyfa
and other you know far left us to do
well if they do they're considered
racist it's a
he's like some sort of a racist mob that
was that's like the label they get put
on them right yeah and then you know
like that was the label that was put on
the proud boys almost immediately right
they're white supremacist even though
there was people of color that were
amongst the ranks and well they changed
the definition of racist do you know
what the whole origin of the proud voice
is I do yeah it's kind of fucking
hilarious
yeah AB gap I'm not good Anthony cou Mia
told the whole story on this show
because it happened with him and and
Gavin McGinnis that Gavin McGinnis came
up with it because of a guy that worked
there and they were doing it as a goof
yeah and then it became a move and then
became like anybody can join then the
people that joined they they took it
into a radical way and then it became
looking to beat up and Tifa and it's
just like fuck
well Gavin's crossed the line yes that's
you know there's an all points out for
your you mentioned Media Matters in in a
recent you know that you're talking
about Alex Jones
I wouldn't use them as a source for
anything well that's a good point yeah
but it was just clips of Alex talking
that doesn't matter they there's there's
a clip going around of Gavin McInnes
where you can hear him saying these
crazy things and you're like well he
said it right but it turns out some of
the clips you're talking about dogs they
you know you really can't take the
context out of things and these clips
understand that so so what happens if
I'm even afraid in my videos I don't
quote people anymore
because people have taken me reading a
quote from a newspaper and attributed to
me simply for reading someone else's
quote and they say oh but he said it
right I mean you look at their really
really funny instance of counting Keela
look at the guy with the Nazi pug that
is a hilarious story and they told him
context didn't matter so when he leaves
the courtroom the reporter says you said
this phrase which I'm not gonna say
right and he says so do you
if context doesn't matter well you
should be arrested too yes but that's
you know so so what ends up happening is
these activist groups they take these
quotes out of context but but admittedly
I think it's fair to point out a lot of
people recognize Gavin if you can assume
there were jokes or not doesn't matter
he said things that were overlooked over
the line well Gavin's the main problem
defensible problem was the call to
violence right the calling calling for
violence and I don't think Gavin's like
he's another one who's like a prankster
he's like a punk rock style
prankster and he likes to burn it to the
ground yep and look I'm a fan of Gavin's
interviews on YouTube where he'll he
hoodwinks people and is sitting down and
talking to him or I don't even know if
they're still up anymore but my
understanding is he ruins some chicks
life I'm hopeful I mean this like
somewhat figuratively she was a
left-wing individual he didn't know who
he was he asked her to come on and her
friends basically just disavowed her
immediately because she was talking to
him because she sounded in unintelligent
oh my god I gotta tell you man yeah he
cornered her I don't know if you have
this issue but for the longest time it's
it's it's substantially harder to
interview someone on the ideological
left than anyone else
right so I recently reached out to a you
know I regularly reach out to people I'm
not gonna name dropped because I don't
want to drag people but man it takes
weeks trying to organize a meeting with
some you know these personalities who
are progressives and on the Left we yep
even even people who like I I've got
messages from people saying Yemen I
watch yourself all the time but hold on
let me let me think about it and talk to
some people first and I'm not saying
they're doing it because they're you
know skittish or it's just harder it's a
lot harder well they're probably more
cautious especially if you know you're
where your ideology stand is ambiguous
if they're trying to figure it out oh
yeah if you're if you're you know men
even even David Pat David Pakman and
Jimmy door could get dragged through
this sometimes like I see people on
Twitter calling them ultra high weirdly
enough or intellectual darkweb Jimmy
Dore is an interesting character I
really liked that car yeah I think he's
such an interesting guy he's very smart
but he's aw he's like oh he's an angry
lefty but you know like but he defends
free speech yeah he's a hundred percent
here's my thing man I was in Berkeley it
was this big protest against ben shapiro
and there's a guy wearing a mask with a
you know communist flag full like ren
gear so i got to interview him and i'm
like you mind if I interview he's like
yeah yeah of course
and I was like really oh that's
surprising and then we start talking and
I said how do you feel about these
people a dress in all black and you know
are fighting people and causing problems
oh that's terrible I was like it you you
think so really it's actually I'm
surprised because often when I see
people wearing you know fully masked up
with communist stuff they're typically
in favor of
the by any means netting means necessary
strategies and he was like no way man
that's wrong and so I'm like you know
what man I don't care if you're
communist I don't care if you're
whatever as long as you not an
authoritarian who thinks you have the
right to beat other people to instill
your ideology on them yeah or use
manipulative force or coercion or
extortion like so let me let me let me
let me talk about why I think what we're
seeing with Twitter might be one of the
biggest problems ever Twitter YouTube
Facebook these platforms are where we
exist socially politically it's where
our ideas are exchanged it's where we
learn about who were going to vote for
or why we won't vote for somebody when
you ban somebody you exile them they're
no longer a part of that conversation so
they're very much so told you are
outside city the city walls right you
can't come in you can't talk to us
there's nothing you can do about it but
then you when you realize the rules are
actually bent you know they're slanted
in a certain direction you can then
predict where things are going
did you see the green the green New Deal
Alexander Howser Critias no there's in
in there so she publishes it's a
non-binding resolution which means that
even if it passes they can't enforce
anything but my god I the fact sheet
they released alongside it literally
said they want to provide Economic
Security for people who are unwilling to
work right what unwilling okay really I
swear to God yeah yeah CNBC the reported
this they covered this apparently this
got removed from the site the reason I
bring this up is there's a chart from
the Economist I frequently show this in
the content I make where you can see the
Conservatives are coalescing around
common ideologies for a while there was
some upset in the party because people
didn't like Trump but now they've pretty
much you know they say it's the party of
Trump people agree with them Ted Cruz
even stands and gives them a standing
ovation at the State of the Union but
the left has been spreading out and
again this is from a chart put together
by The Economist the Democrats are very
clearly being spread from far left to
center and it's kind of making it very
difficult for the Democrats to you know
put forth something that make sense if
Alexandria or Ocasio Cortes you know she
puts out the green New Deal
but in the bill it talks about equity
racial justice the gender pay gap things
that have nothing to do with the
environment and then Nancy Pelosi says
it's green dreams you know
and she derives this you can see that
there's a new faction of the Democrats
that I have you know wholly ideological
drive and I think one of the reasons for
this is what we see on social media
right the the ideological bent of the
platform's then lead to the the mass
followings of specific individuals who
then use specific tactics to get elected
and it's you know when these platforms
only allow certain ideas to form those
ideas will naturally rise to the top of
our political space and then you get
crazy stuff like if you're unwilling to
work will provide you Economic Security
which you know I don't know necessarily
what that means other than some people
who choose not to work will get paid I
guess from taxpayer money but well that
seems completely insane and not only
that where's that money coming from
right from you this is actually another
funny thing that no I mean I mean know
what you mean literally yeah well andrew
andrew Cuomo said god forbid if the rich
leave New York because I believe 1% of
New York the top 1% pay 46 percent of
their of their taxes of the revenue they
use and so they just had a big budget
shortfall I believe it was something
Trump did that caused a shortfall in
there and they were asked if they would
tax the rich and he was like no god
forbid you know they'll leave and
they're already leaving so I'm you know
incoming incoming a million people
saying I'm conservative for bringing
that up but you know facts are facts I
suppose both facts are facts and that's
what's really important about this and
when you suppress any any ideology if
you are on the left and you suppress the
right it is just going to shore up their
defenses and they're just going to
harden their line that's just how it
goes that's how human nature is you
can't tell people what to do
you know can't you're right and you know
a lot of people might say I'm a little
alarmist when I mentioned a potential
civil war but let me clarify like I
don't I'm not saying because I brought
this up before I'm not saying it's gonna
be like you know 1800s to big
battlefields but at the same time what
people don't seem to realize when it
comes to history is that when you read
about World War two we've condensed all
the highlights into a very short
paragraph or series of paragraphs you
don't realize the war with several years
there were periods where nothing
happened right I was in Egypt during the
second revolution you could look down
and you could see Tahrir Square
people screaming laser pointers
helicopters a patch
and they announced in the news we have
disbelieved oppose the president two
blocks away a dudes eating a
cheeseburger McDonald's watching a
football match as if nothing's happening
so when you look at these street battles
the political violence when you look at
the the biased bannings you look at the
dude there was a guy who fired a couple
rounds at a police officer in Eugene
Oregon and some bombs got planted at the
police department or somebody planted
bombs at a statue in Houston it starts
to feel like there's some kind of
political violence that is bubbling up
that can't be mended at this point what
and a lot of this comes from this
suppression that we're talking about
what people don't feel like they have a
voice or that voice is being suppressed
by an opposing ideology you know yes but
it is really complicated and it's it's I
can't claim to know how everything
happens but what I will say is I believe
social media is responsible for the
political violence I believe it's it's
not just about suppression it's you look
at the systems that were built to
Facebook right what content can make it
to the front page of your Facebook poke
of your Facebook profile when you're
looking at your newsfeed well Twitter
Facebook has to build an algorithm to
determine what matters most companies
then figure out how to manipulate that
algorithm to get that content in front
of you because you know at most you can
see what three posts on Facebook so what
happens is early on companies quickly
found out that anger drives the most
shares of any emotion all of a sudden we
see a wave of police brutality videos
yeah there was one website that posted
almost exclusively police brutality
content and it was like Alexa 400 in the
world some ridiculously high number it
blew my mind I knew Pete someone claims
to that they were making six figures
writing police brutality articles
because it was pure rage bait right you
know content that just shares really
easily but that content constantly being
put in front of somebody breeds an
ideology you then tell someone did you
know that you know white supremacy is on
the rise and there are 11 million white
supremacists in the US and they go I can
believe it but that's nonsense it's just
not it's not the case
you know the anti-defamation league in
the SPLC say that at rough estimates are
maybe like 10 or 12,000 but people
really believe that there is like that
the president is secretly a Nazi and
that he's being propped up by the secret
cabal or there's an alternative
influence network on YouTube where you
and me are somehow trying to convince
people to you know
it's ridiculous well that's the same
thing yeah what was it called uh data
and society right right yeah and that's
that's that was that nonsense yeah we
would did we get connected to are we all
right adjacent are we bootlickers we're
part of the it's a network that feeds
into extremist ideologies and other they
connected me with people well it's the
so schizophrenic the way it's drawn out
the little map where one person's
connected to another person and what I
said I think I said Barbara Walters
interviewed
Fidel Castro does that make her a
communist you know that's I tweeted at
her I'm like you're crazy this is a
crazy way to look at things but what
happened with that story media reported
uncritically I reached out to a bunch of
journalists I know I know ton of
journalists I'm a member of the online
news association like I've been a
speaker at their events and I'm reaching
out to these journalists like hey why
did you guys write that that's just
completely fake it's got my name like my
name in the middle right you know me
right you can call me to quote you yes
they don't do it right
they just uncritically report it and
there's a couple reasons for it the
media Facebook recently changed their
algorithm I don't know this was a while
ago they may have changed it again but
it it was a huge hit to the incomes of a
lot of these companies when all of a
sudden news articles stopped appearing
as much because Facebook wanted friends
and family to be more connected and less
so news organizations so these news
organizations who write this viral
clickbait and rage content weren't
getting as much traffic so what are they
have you know they have to go crazy they
have to you know and so it's it's a
downward spiral of where these
journalists all follow each other they
start producing I don't I don't think
it's a conspiracy they produce this
stuff I think they're hired specifically
because the content they produce is
viral and it's viral for a reason right
and so the more they produce it the more
they eat their own you know excrement
essentially and then but it's a game of
telephone where they're sitting in a
circle constantly telling each other the
craziest things and it gets crazier and
crazier but another aspect of it is when
they write an article saying you know
Trump is racist it goes viral the next
day they can't read the same article so
they write Trump is the most racist the
next day they have to have to keep
one-upping it and and it is we talked
about this with Forbes articles the term
nasty surprise they use it with tech
like they'll say the new Galaxy S 10 has
a nasty surprise the new iPhone 10 has a
nasty surprise
keep saying has it's hilarious it's
almost like there's a form letter and
they just take whatever Xbox stick it in
there nasty surprise and it's it's a
hundred percent click they and it's
forbs and were you telling me that
Forbes that with it's essentially is
like user contributions yeah yeah yeah
and I I could probably submit an article
they're like a network of people I don't
know how you get approved but there's a
lot of articles that just get written
about like the new video game today so
it's like a click big title yeah just
get some ads has a nasty surprise but
it's almost like they have like a
pattern that they've just accepted what
is gonna work but it's not a conspiracy
it's just like minded people who are
only ever around each other sharing the
same things among each other believing
all the same things and so you'll notice
that certain words emerge specifically
among certain groups you know like the
left will use certain words and then if
like learn to code doesn't appear that
much in left-wing rhetoric but it burned
the Conservatives and the anti and edit
Aryan types understand what it is and so
the justification for banning someone
for saying learn to code regardless of
the context seems insane yeah that seems
they say it seems like that one in
particular is almost in defense I mean
not almost that's indefensible
absolutely like there have been people
who uh but let me let me let me be fair
there are people on the Left who have
been banned absolutely awesome there was
a lot of Venezuelan accounts that were
banned and a lot of people are very
critical I saw Amy Martin was was
criticizing this yeah because they
accused him of being government actors
because they were Pro Venezuelan
government but the most the one thing
there's some Occupy Wall Street
activists who absolutely detest me they
lie about me I do not like them for
doing this they were banned abruptly for
literally no reason and this is what's
more worrisome to me is that no one
defended them no one defended them
because conservatives certainly won't
but neither will the mainstream you know
ideological left these are activists for
class issues for international issues
there on the left squarely and they were
accused I guess of being BOTS or
something just it was just an abrupt
purge of like 50 accounts and some of
them were like independent citizen
journalists just wiped out and with no
recourse no recourse none whatsoever
so yeah I mean at some point you have to
realize how important Twitter is when
the
it is on it could you imagine if there
was a physical space where everyone was
talking and the president shows up and
everyone keeps yelling at him and
they're all talking because you had that
lawsuit where they said it was a public
forum imagine that happens and then a
private private individual bars you from
hearing what the president has to say
right it's a complicated issue very you
know you get a lot of people on the Left
saying private businesses can do
whatever they want that blew my mind
because the left was usually about not
letting massive multinational
billion-dollar corporations get away
with suppressing speech but well that
was another thing that people get pissed
at me about Jack Dorsey and rightly so
that he said that it's a human right
that delia Medicaid online is a human
but the fact that he said it but yet all
these people are banned so right how
like to take away someone's human right
it there should be an egregious example
I mean it should be something like
doxxing someone like calling for
violence like trying and anybody but
even then but clearly that's not the
case if Kathy Griffin still online
but hold on you can kill a human being
and get 25 years right good point so you
can literally strip someone of their of
their yes everything and still not be
purged permanently this was one of the
things that Jack and I discussed post
podcast I said you know when we were
going back and forth about doing this
again you know I told him I would really
like to see if there's some sort of a
path to redemption like you know for
example for Milo I mean like we talked
about yesterday about Christian peak
aleni
who was a white supremacist who realized
the error of his ways and then became
this activist against racism and now he
gives these TED speeches and yes you
know what accepted by everyone as being
this guy who's achieved redemption and
really understands the error of his ways
with Milo's banned for life Milo is only
like 34 years old right how old is Milo
around there I don't know I I hope I
didn't make him older than he is it
probably mad but whatever it is like
who's to say that Milo you know in three
years from now won't have a change of
heart or you know have a fucking acid
trip or something make some a different
person but if you're bad for life
we are we throwing people away like you
ever see that tweet from I I'm gonna say
I think it was Tyler the Creator where
he said how is cyberbullying real just
you know like close your right side go
outside close your eyes that's you know
I'm sorry man
you if you want a ban hate speech I can
understand I am no fan of hate speech I
think it's wrong
I think you shouldn't you know target
people for specific characteristics we
should respect one another at the same
time I'm also a human adult who
understands sometimes people are mean
you ever walked that you ever go to it
you know a subway in Los Angeles and
some guy starts calling you all the
names in the book what you gonna do
about it nothing that's just life people
are mean sometimes have they punch you
that crossed the line right but on
Twitter you know my loved ones say mean
things block mute you know I do i press
yes yeah mute you don't even block
people I block some people yeah the my
loved one was very very weird they were
looking for a reit and here's the other
part of it you know what he ultimately
got in trouble air quotes for was him
talking about the positive experiences
that he had as a young man being
molested I think that was after he was
already banned though I don't think so
well he might even ban Twitter already
yeah then he got kicked off of YouTube
and he left I don't think you say deaf
YouTube he's I think he's still on
YouTube was it was it Breitbart the deal
I got fired he quit Breitbart quit Bart
there's another thing too though you
know I see all these journalists writing
all these articles saying like Milo was
gone Milo was whining and he's no more
I'm like dude's got like six million
followers across his Instagram is
YouTube in his facebook he posts all the
time you know the jerk he's not in the
public conversation as much as he was
before because they were censored them
when you're not on Twitter right the
journalists who make up a huge core of
their verified users who apparently
according to CNN Otto Carl are the
lifeblood their platform I'm talking
about you but here's my point he's not
saying that men should go have sex with
younger boys he was basically saying
that it could be a positive experience
cuz it was for him well I don't know
anything about what happened in that
capacity and my my point was if I said
when I was 13 a 21 year old girl fondled
me do you think I get in trouble if I
said it was awesome no not better
wouldn't you wouldn't yeah yeah that's
right
my brother was pointing out
cuz uh law and order SVU is basically on
24/7 like 98% of the episodes are only
ever about women never about men being
victims sometimes they are but he was
like oh I just realized that and I was
like let's society well that's a Special
Victims Unit
that's that show like they have so many
versions of Law & Order but that one in
particular
oh no but I mean it deals with sex
crimes yes and almost every episode it
really ever talks about male victims
right which exists right you know I mean
and so III don't want to get like into a
men's rights thing but no I think it's
yes you know fairly obvious to a lot of
people like you mentioned yeah if you
said it nobody would care it but Milo's
gay right and so that becomes you know
it becomes a thing for him yes yeah yeah
I'd it's some what there's we need some
kind of clear guidelines right where you
can operate inside these guidelines and
all's fair it's just I mean to annex to
an extent it is tough comedians will be
allowed to operate dancing on the line
you know what I mean like Joe obviously
I think so right right I'll tell you so
I can't tell you this shit I'll tell you
something after this is over that's
gonna you're gonna take it to lares and
we'll find out about it in the future
oh and everyone's gonna be a secret no
no it's not a secret it's a comedy
secret it's it's about something but you
know but I'll take this is how you to
remind me but I'll take this opportunity
to segue into another point when it
comes to the bias right uh-huh
how is it that you can have Jimmy Kimmel
Jimmy Fallon dress in blackface on there
when I CNN made a big list I don't know
exactly when it happened I think Kimmel
was on the man show he dressed like a
basketball player Oh Jews and Jimmy
Fallon just like Chris Rock oh Jesus
Sarah Silverman did it she I think she
addressed it though yes everybody nobody
loses their minds nobody loses their
minds over that because they're on the
left you think I don't know I don't know
it's it's I honestly I would say to an
extent there's probably some kind of
tribal bias well I think when you're
going back to high school yearbooks
looking for outrage from 55 year old
people you've lost the plot you've lost
a crazy it's fucking inside well what's
what's crazier is when Kathy Griffin
tweets out that the 3-pointer hand sign
at a Covington basketball game was a
Nazi hand gesture like the 3-pointer you
know the three-point line is this thing
yep yeah Oh see I'm not gonna do it
because the photos just lie okay
that's what a series of them on my
Instagram when I found out about I put
Bill Cosby doing it i someone found one
of me from Newsradio isn't it aren't
they using it though for that symbol I
know that it's a it's a universal symbol
that means a lot of things yes thank you
I using it as that symbol yeah they're
not using it to mean white power another
not all right whatever it's not okay
well we don't know were those cops using
it for fence that's the that's the the
what is it called it's called the okay
game and don't look game where you put
the the symbol under your waist and if
someone looks at you get to punch him
what there's a game kids play no no no
no these the SWAT cops that had it on
their on their legs no they were all
doing it there was like four of them
doing it in a photograph and they what
they're holding it up or they holding it
on their legs I don't know let's break
this down I can explain this to you okay
please do Donald Trump when he talks he
makes the okay hand sign well he's
pointing he's making I mean okay if he
does it this way is that okay
oh no he does this no I don't care what
Trump Devils I mean first people off
that's probably a bad thing but so what
happens is he starts doing the okay okay
okay sign so a bunch of Trump supporters
start doing it to to be like hey I'm
like Trump right right
a 4chan campaign get started saying
convince everyone this actually means
white power right it was fake the
anti-defamation league said it was fake
yes a bunch of journalists said it was
real that's what I put on my Instagram
yeah put all this on my Instagram
including the article where it showed
the original thing came right 4chan
4chan is fucking hilarious powerful its
whole it's hilarious how much shit they
start they started the Flat Earth
movement okay there's the guy oh is that
you I don't I never heard that oh yeah
yeah yeah they started let's look at
photo and see if I can give you a it's
got a little key popped up to conspiracy
how do we get it back it's that what's
going on the connection to the teepees
just have no idea no Halloween spirit
see the button I have is making it go
there and it's not going there so I
don't know Jesus Jaime these gremlins in
this fucking it I would I figured it's
hard allegedly
I would say this we need to see that
though 90 yeah show me in laptop I would
I would be willing to okay there's the
image take a good look at it Tim
so okay these guys they saw what's on
their leg yes that's specifically a game
where
when you look at it they get to punch
you what they're not holding the hand
sign up they're not flashing it like you
see what conservatives do right I'm not
denying that is a game but to say that
that's what those guys are doing is a
bit of a stretch I believe well what do
you think they're doing what is it to
say that if if fortune did that to make
to mix it up at some point people would
think that that is true though doing
that that's like you no way no way
that's happened look I'll say this is it
is it well there's my bleeding free
bleeding came for a fortune right if you
don't know who beat least explain that
as people you it's all you okay free
bleeding was 4chan thought it would be
hilarious by the way Shia LeBouf was at
the fucking Comedy Store last night I
wonder why uh because we're always
ragging on him free bleeding came from
4chan where they said that they were
they were promoting this idea that for
women's rights that they would you know
get away their Mo's get away from this
whole idea of you have to control your
menstrual cycle
you know it's empowering to just bleed
all over your crotch and so women
actually started doing it because it
actually the if you can fucking if you
can get those ideas out there a certain
number of knuckleheads are gonna take it
right with it and think it's real of
course so you don't think that's
possible to white power though I think
it's extremely unlikely I think it's
possible
so here's think nothing's absolute right
are there some some white supremacists
who are doing it for sure but you don't
you think you're looking at badasses
with fucking guns they're playing this
little silly game yeah really I think
they're a bunch of bros who are you know
you ever you ever hang off like some
frat dudes at a college they punch each
other that's that there's a game so how
does it go again you you make the okay
hand sign okay and you hold it to your
table or on your leg these are adults
these are guys they're not in college
they're definitely not a below 25 years
old but where's that mean I know I know
forty year old guys who play you know
Pokemon I know going I go this is a game
we fix this fucking thing okay but what
they do it whatever what is their job
what were they their SWAT team guys
something they were arresting a drug
dealer and what do you think they're
doing they're trying to make sure
everybody knows that they're they're
flashing an overt white power hand
gesture because everyone knows that's
what it means that somebody
thank everyone knew well no that's just
not it's just not case the thing that
the point is holding the okay sign up
next to you is what's key you know
people say it's the W and the P putting
it on your leg has all the ways been the
the punch him game or whatever like I
don't I know that punch or me yeah yeah
I know that punch them game 100% the
okay symbol on your leg or under a table
and you say hey look and if they look
down and see it they go ah then you
punch him in the arm yep I know it's so
well that I that's why I don't think
that's what they're doing like me and my
friends so what are they so then from
the question is it's a major look it's
made you look made you look
right so but what are they doing right
look look listen man if you want to if
you want to make assumptions about what
you think their intentions were it's all
you I don't have any facts to support
that and the only thing I know of is
there as a game where you put the okay
sign on your leg and then you punch
somebody and here are some guys put me
okay sign on their leg what evidence do
we have it's anything other than that
nothing so that's I'm not gonna go any
further than that I'm gonna say was it
poor judgment oh hell yeah
mmm maybe but listen do you know about
what happened in Philly with these
Marines who got beat up by an tyfa no I
do not so there's some so there was a
rally put on by some constitutional
libertarians I don't know exactly what
was all about anti-fur shows up in
protests some Marines apparently are
just walking by because there was a
marine event an tyfa sees them and yells
are you proud they said he says I'm a
Marine he said are you a proud boy and
he said you know I don't know they beat
him up these are they arrested several
people charged with multiple felonies
Marines got beat up they didn't know
what proud boy was so to assume that
these guys know anything about what's
going on in in cultural politics it's
it's you know when you're in the know
and you're on Twitter when you're
reading the news all day you look at
that and say they knew what they were
doing what these are small like what
city of these guys from even do they
watch the news all day do they go on
4chan do they go on voxcom and read and
know what this is about okay I
appreciate you're looking at this with a
broad perspective but it is entirely
possible that they did sure it's also
entirely possible that within their
friend group it means you're buying
lunch it could mean a million things it
could mean right in the cultural context
of 2018 when this happened yep that the
okay symbol doesn't even mean white
power it is is it is it is a
rival sign among anti ident anti
intersectional x' and Trump supporters
but don't you remember when was there
there was a woman that got in trouble
for she was in court and she had it on
her arm she was just standing there like
so insane so insane because she was
basically she had her finger and her
thumb like that yeah you can make that
and they and they were smiles with it
yeah she's making so many powers you
have to understand when I see that and I
see that you coming out but there's a
difference between someone just moving
their hands around and doing this and
you know making a weird thing she did
she did fall on do it the next day
though probably on purpose maybe yeah
okay you have to assume she's watching
the news then yeah well I would she's
sitting at the Kavanagh hearing but it's
entirely possible though albeit unlikely
that she was just telling somebody okay
like or listen she was she's used to
doing that with her arm there's an even
think about it there's you're allowed to
make assumptions right
yeah and operate off assumptions but
eventually you start getting off so
crazy and you know how many assumptions
are gonna believe until you're believe
in the moon landing was faked let me ask
you this though don't you think that
some people do that and they do it
because they're making the symbol for
white power some is in what 10 15 20 I
don't know I think I don't know about a
nothing like I said listen nothing's
absolute I'd be I'm pretty sure they're
probably some white supremacists who do
that yeah but here's the thing most of
these people who are on 4chan who would
even use the emoji who would do in
public they're not doing it to signal
white power they're doing it a signal
opposition to the tribal left when they
take photos and you see someone like
Cassandra Fairbanks who is a trump
supporting you know writer she has she's
she's notable because she stood at the
podium made the okay hand sign and then
this writer from splinter news which
used to be called fusion I worked there
full disclosure claimed it was a white
power hand gesture and she she got a
Cassandra suit over it she ultimately
lost cuz it's like you know free speech
slander is hard to sue for but she did
it because it was a Trump sign not
because it's white power so the people
who or even white supremacists aren't
signifying white power they're signaling
to other Trump supporters too right it
doesn't mean white power right so just
because someone on the Left says it
means white power that does not mean it
means Y power
within their group is that what you're
saying yeah just like we all just decide
that this means something else like my
friend needs a peace among peace among
nations I'm a piece of Hmong world's my
friend Steve Rinella would talked about
this in the podcast he got beat up once
by his friend where he grew up in
Michigan and in Michigan as almost like
for fun like like if I said hey fucker
like if I called you hey fucker like as
friends yeah you would laugh and like
what's up dude you know it'd be cool so
he would write give the bird and they
would call it the Michigan hello yep and
so the Michigan wave or something like
that so as he's driving by saw I was
friend he went like that like if I saw
you do that I'll be like I what's up to
him there was uh but you don't some but
his friend didn't know this so his
friend he grabbed him threw the to the
ground he was you want to fight
motherfucker like what are you talking
about like what's going on he's like you
gave me the bird he's like oh Jesus bro
I'm from Michigan yeah like that's we're
having fun that's just I'm your friend
and yet he was over the guys house
helping them build a greenhouse or
something like he was doing some work
with the guy I I still threw him to the
ground because he thought that this was
oh you got it fixed
no there's naturally there's gonna be a
ton of people you know saying oh tombs
bootleggers all that stuff like premises
listen man like I'm not I do not I'm not
a big fan of conspiracy theories I'm not
a big fan of making assumptions about
the intentions of other people if you
can prove it I'm willing to hear it but
people in this country are innocent till
proven guilty what do we have we have a
photo of some cops doing something dumb
right do I think it was ill-advised it
was wrong as you know of course
absolutely should have done it do I
think it means that white supremacists
know they're cops yeah look I am no fan
of police I you know I I grew up as like
a left far-left
and her kist skateboarder the cops screw
with me all the time I've had cops kick
my door and guns drawn I was in Chicago
and cops pulled me over me and my
buddies this is all on video at gunpoint
screaming at us it was the craziest
experience I've ever had I am no fan but
if you don't have evidence I'm not just
gonna this is a thing about how these
biases function you get people who will
see all these videos live these
experiences and they'll immediately
assume the worst about these guys I
don't know anything about these guys I
know they did something dumb but I don't
know why so I can't really go beyond
that other than I believe their official
statement was they're playing the game
but I could be wrong
to make assumptions about their
character or what they believe simply
because they made an okay sign on their
leg it's like you can't convict somebody
in a court you know what I mean and I'm
a big fan of the presumption of
innocence and Blackstone's formulation
and how we side on we err on the side of
protecting the innocent I think you got
a good point in also in the fact that
this is a extremely recent hand gesture
that's being associated with white
supremacy and clearly came from
pranksters and you have to assume these
guys are on 4chan or read these these
websites like come on man these dudes
they probably got to work all day they
talk about football they go home they
sit in their lounge chair and have
enough a beer and a slice of pizza or
whatever it is they do I don't think
these guys people man you know people
don't know how to separate their own
personal bubble from reality they assume
if I know what you must know it right is
actually something Shane Smith told me
he said he doesn't understand why is it
that if he can do it you can't right and
that's like an interesting point that
people don't seem to realize mean
brother like he said to me I can speak
French why can't you like people live in
this mindset right where they assume if
I know it everyone knows it right so so
they're gonna be like no every I I saw
an article about that everyone must know
what it is it's like no no no dude there
are some people who don't watch TV there
are some people play video games all day
there are some people who don't do any
of that for all you know these guys they
every day after work they go to a
Children's Shelter and and and provide
soup and they don't watch the news at
all like I'm not I don't believe that
they actually do I'm just saying you
have no idea what's going on in their
lives you're making assumptions about
what they know who they are and I think
you know I I'm a firm believer that we
have problems of racism in this country
I believe institutional systemic racism
real problems need to be solved all that
stuff that still doesn't mean you get to
just label someone and make assumptions
about what they believe who they are
because of one thing you know if you've
made a if you made a joke what if what
if they did it because they were
ironically doing it right if you made a
joke ten years ago meigan assume you
actually believed it maybe said
something silly you know we had this
newscaster in New York who who
accidentally said Martin Luther yeah you
know and I and again you know another
one absolutely and you also and another
thing happened that no one cared about
was a guy on CNN
a racial slur for Jewish people in the
same way no one cared about that one you
know so there was a CNN anchor What did
he say
I don't want to say it okay but he would
he was his k-word right yeah I think
he'd still say it as long as we're not
calling it was the same thing he quickly
fit corrected himself right and that
didn't come up as an issue but the point
is this dude you know why why is he
being fired right even people came to
his defense are you gonna assume nasty
things about them like are we really
getting to the point where we're gonna
look at a photo we don't know the
context we don't know these people are
what into their names and we're gonna be
alike right a mistake
well there's another issue too this is
this is how you're doing it oh Jesus
that's so crazy
I didn't even I meant to do this but
there is another issue that people do
accidentally like because they're
worried about saying something they will
say something right I had a friend and
he was a warm-up guy for television show
do you know how warm-up works like
there's a like save a sitcoms being
filmed there's a guy who like keep the
crowd laughing yeah he walks around keep
the crowd and he had a he had an anxiety
attack well he had a panic attack and
the panic attack was this he was doing
The Cosby Show and he was for whatever
reason it got into his head don't say
the N word don't say it don't say it
and he started sweating and he said he
started stammering and he literally
couldn't talk he had some anxiety issues
and and he locked up and literally
couldn't could barely he did say it did
he no he didn't say it because got
terrified that he was going to say
that's weird but that could be what's
going on with by someone saying Martin
Luther Coon like especially this guy
obviously with context right obviously
the second guy heard the first guy do it
and it was it's a Freudian slip it's in
his mind and don't say it would everyone
do don't say that I'll I'll turn on a
funny funny little secret though ice I
did it in one of my videos you said that
and then I started laughing it was about
it it was about it it was about a guy it
was about the story and so you said it
and I said it laughed and I just like I
did it I added my videos you know I
don't do I don't do live shots you know
I do I do live sometimes but I was just
like I was I started laughing I just
literally just started
things and I'm like I can't believe it
dude because the story was about him
saying it I purposefully don't say these
words on YouTube because I don't wanna
get the banhammer sure so I'm like this
guy accidentally said Martin Luther and
then he used this slur or and then later
when I was reading it I said it and I
started laughing I'm just like but III
understand what you know some it's it's
not even about saying the slur it's
about when you have two words in your
head and you accidentally put them
together yes you know that's what
happened to CNN guy well sometimes I
call someone the wrong name and don't
realize I've done it right like Jamie
said you said jack oh I thought I said
Jon like we've had that conversation
before I literally in my head think I'm
saying the right thing but I'm not I did
you know I made a huge huge mistake on
one of my videos I deleted the video
because of it because instead of saying
Harvey Weinstein I said Brett Oh No and
Brett's awesome
Brett such a cool dude I'm a big fan and
I published the video and someone
messaged me and they were like just want
to let you know you made this big
mistake and I said some pretty awful
things and I felt so bad I think I've
done similar I was like dude I was like
that guy is so cool like I'm a big fan
of his work of it yeah I just was like I
tried editing it and I'm like I'm
deleting it hands down I would I would
rather just remove the video outright
than to say a disparaging word against
that man yeah and I was an accident
I didn't even know I said it yeah I
think I did the exact same thing I did
the exact same thing I believe onstage
once because I had a bit about Harvey
Weinstein he said I think I said Bret
haha yeah I think I said it on
unfortunate yeah cuz they're polar
opposites yeah that's fantastic
no he's but you actually Weinstein right
so that will help ya say Stine instead
of Steen port for Harvey yes/no for
Brett for Eric yeah and Stine Weinstein
yeah Harvey Weinstein Bret Weinstein I
could I didn't even know I did it
spelled thus IIIi edited the video I had
I did a light edit I published it mm-hmm
and then I start getting messages from
people and I was like no and then I
watched well yeah it's a problem you
know like when you're thinking and
talking at the same time there's a bunch
of words bouncing around in your head
and you're just trying to and you think
you're saying the right thing well you
know it's
that's why intent is so critical George
: yeah and magic words are so fucking
dangerous you know and that is what I'm
going to tell you about later
all right I'm yeah you know about a
scientific comedian that we know and
love
well George Carlin was absolutely
amazing well he what he would not only
was he absolutely amazing but people
don't have to you you almost have to
have lived during the time where he was
getting arrested like not like Lenny
Bruce before him but to understand how
significant he was when he was doing
that seven dirty words you can't say on
television like back then people like
what the fuck is this guy doing you know
it was it was groundbreaking when he did
I think was in what naik 92 he did that
bit well he probably did a lot where he
basically ran off 50 racial slurs and
then actually called Eddie Murphy and
Richard Pryor the n-word you member
that's yes and everyone laughed yeah
everyone left because they understood
his intent they understood that he
didn't actually disrespect them they
understood that he didn't mean anything
bad about it he was making a point about
the the racist asshole behind the words
yes and it's funny to me this is the
thing man I when I was younger I was I
was far left man skin-tight black you
know sure it's the virus
you know virus punk rock bands anti-flag
things like that I was trying to think
of it's been so long I try to think of
some of the band shirts we used to have
and man we were we were angry and and
pissed off all the time I grew up like
that and then over time I learned I I
went through a ton of really important
life lessons one of the first and most
important was I was a young skateboarder
in Chicago really looked up to some of
these these older guys who were really
good I went to Catholic school when I
was younger ended up becoming this punk
rocker
guitar playing far-left skin-tight you
know skateboarding angry yeah and no no
flags you know fuck the government and
then I go to this dude's house was just
really great skate boys got a picture of
Jesus on the wall and I immediately
scoff like I'm you know high mighty I
was like like would you like a Christian
or something and he goes no and I was
like then why have a picture of Jesus
and he goes oh I just thought like a
story about a dude travel around helping
people was kind of cool and I went oh
that's a good point
Wow I wasn't I was like I was like wow
maybe I don't really understand maybe
maybe this means something different
other people than Sherman's to me
well if Jesus was an Indian man
that you know had wooden beads and you
know and and was a Hindu god we would
love him you know be like Shiva or
Vishnu we would we would think he's the
most amazing thing ever it's the fact
that if you look at what Jesus preached
and what he was all about I mean seems
pretty Rai thinks about as spiritual and
and loving and it's it's about I mean
his whole ideology that the Jesus of the
Bible yeah and he was essentially about
loving your brother and treating people
as if they're you and but this this for
me like I bring this up because it was
kind of a formative moment where all of
a sudden I realized was my ideology
predicated on assumptions yes was I was
i holding these views because other
people told me to hold them right did I
actually understand that there was some
positive things on the other side and
then I slowly moved over to more of a
center-left position yeah and you know
now what the reason I bring this up is I
looked I watched that video I tweeted
this the video of George Carlin cuz man
George Carlin was a I used to watch his
videos my mom would put him on and my
mom's been a hippie liberal far-left all
that stuff and you'd probably consider a
conservative by today's you know
measures the way things have been going
now they look at you know Kevin Hart he
said a bad joke ten years ago get him
out like could you imagine I god forbid
what would happen with George Carlin's
routines today they wouldn't they would
be running all of his old routines
saying no you have to ban him from the
show he literally called these people
the n-word why was it that George
calling to go onstage and talk about how
Republicans were dumb and how religion
is crazy he was clearly on the left his
whole life and he said these things that
by today's standards would be considered
conservative right and so for me it's a
weird thing to go from being on the far
left as a young person it was around
like 19 or 20 I started to become more
moderate and then to see them today
being extremely offended like people
used to be in the 50s and 60s
like that's regressive yeah that's
trying to bring things back to the way
they used to be with offensive you know
nothing like Puritanism and all these
things and now I feel like I guess the
cliche is the modern the modern left
whatever people call it like the you
know capital L tribal left seems to be
being indoctrinated not by left-wing
policy ideas it's not about necessarily
so
it's about identitarian ism it's about
policy based on your immutable
characteristics and how you know like
going back to the green new deal
like in the bill it talks about racial
equity what does have to do the
environment but what does that mean well
equality would be like uu equal
opportunity to people are allowed to try
and if one succeeds congratulations
equity would be well let's determine
whether or not you are advantaged or
privileged and then hold you back or
push you forward based on these these
certain metrics I suppose it's it's the
problem I have with it is that it's not
quantifiable so this was actually
something that was really shocking to me
I was sitting with my niece and my
sister my niece and my mom and I showed
this image that people like to share
it's three people standing up by a
baseball offense and you there's a
baseball game there's a really short
person who can't see there's a medium
sized person who can see a little bit
and a very tall person who just stands
right up above the fence it says this is
equality each of them gets one crate
well one crate isn't enough for the
short guy and the two guys can already
see I says this is equity and it shows
the short guy getting you know three
crates so they can all see now and I
said the problem is when it comes to
someone's height sure we can understand
let's let's let's give the the crates to
the short guy so he can see along with
us but how do you determine equity based
on the color of someone's skin or their
you know like characteristics that can't
necessarily be quantified right so when
alexander el castillo cortez pushes a
bill for that's purporting to be about
the environment but includes racial
equity clauses are we to assume that her
ideology states that if you are not
white you are poor by death like it's a
guarantee or do we have to assume that
each individual has different advantages
different cards to play and some are
born wealthy some aren't and yes there's
historic racism but we can't make those
assumptions right right so this is this
is to me one of the biggest problems
I've been having as like a lifelong
left-leaning individuals who do I vote
for right I was a big fan of Bernie
Sanders for a while but then Bernie
Sanders gets up on stage the debates and
says white people don't know what it's
like to be poor well that's hilarious
that's go to fucking West Virginia and
visit the coal miners right and you know
what's really weird I saw one of the
Bernie's tweets that I looked at and I
said oh come on man you
no this is fucked up yeah he was talking
about how much more money white men make
than black women than Latino men and all
these different things and what he
didn't include was Asian men
well because Asian men make more money
but here's what I think a lot of people
on the right miss
he said Pay Equity not pay equality okay
I think perhaps we should stop assuming
they don't know what they're saying
because a lot of people assume what
they're saying is you know the gender
Cape the gender earnings gap is is real
but the gender pay gap it can you know
it's not that if a man and a woman are
both offered the exact same job exact
same experience and education women tend
to get I think it's like three to five
percent less and many people believe
that's because they're less likely to
negotiate just why you have like lean
and tell them to be more you know trying
to be more assertive but it's not this
77 percent number that's but there is an
earnings gap right the median salaries
of men and women are different so when
Bernie says white men make axe more than
these other demographics he said in his
tweet pay equity not equality he doesn't
want Fair Pay for everyone based on job
he's actually saying it doesn't matter
what job you have everyone should be
paid the same
you know that's nonsense but then you
see what Cortese releases on our website
if you're unwilling to work they'll
provide Economic Security actually mine
I believe they took it off the site
right but I think when they include it
in the bill that they want equity not
equality when they include on their
website if you're unwilling they'll pay
you and when Bernie says equity as well
I think they're not talking about
equality like I don't think you know the
average American understands what
they're actually saying is you should be
paid a flat rate period and when you're
talking about the pay gap being
different from men and women we should
clarify that what you're saying
essentially is that men choose different
jobs and they work more hours and that's
the reason why they make that much more
money worth 77 cents on the dollar yeah
there was a another study came out
recently that said that hours worked was
almost the 100% of the reason why men
and women earn different at a median
median salary in some areas women
actually earned more than men and
there's I think Seven Cities I think
this is unpure again you fact check me
if you get you know everybody thinks I'm
wrong or whatever but I believe it was
seven City
we're women out earn men buy like
seriously high numbers like up to 20% so
there's a lot of issues when it comes to
the pay gap and equality but without
going on a tangent in that area I think
what ends up happening is you know I saw
Bernie's tweet and I responded to it by
saying good news Bernie pay equality is
enshrined in law and I sent it I cited
three examples of where it's illegal to
discriminate based on gender and then
someone points out to me Tim he didn't
say equality
he said equity that would imply doesn't
matter what job you have and a petroleum
engineer should earn the same as a store
clerk at H&M that's equity that just
because you have an advantage because of
your education doesn't mean you should
earn more than somebody else you seen
I'm saying so the fact that there's
people that actually believe that that
don't believe that what first of all
that's gonna absolutely discourage
people from trying to succeed why would
you if you could get the same amount as
a CEO of Exxon as you can working at 21
forever forever 21 or whatever
Abercrombie & Fitch why would you why
would you try hard why would you exceed
why would you succeed why would you
Excel I think it's fair to point out
some people would you know I'd okay what
if there's no if there's no real I mean
other than social status if there's no
renewal but a positive consequences I
think social status might be one of the
prime driving factors of most people at
home no man not enough not enough to
really encourage innovation look and
progress III can agree with that for
sure but I also think there's a there
was a saying that I was told a lot that
people don't get rich because they want
money they get rich because they're
passionate about something and the money
comes after you know they always say
that the money comes after something
like that and I'd point out every every
day I take no days off it's been a
couple years with me not taking any days
off I work literally every day full-time
right now I'm producing six YouTube
videos every day
only one of them is a real seven days a
week seven days a week non-stop two
years straight fuck you're doing
yourself I like it it's fun that's a
thing I'm not I'm not doing you're
enjoying this allied internal I'd do it
because you know I see things on so for
the most part on my main youtube channel
I do one video every day at 4:00 p.m.
which tends to be just like a news
analysis piece but I'm not perfect
sometimes I you know get all hyperbolic
and stuff my second channel is me just
ranting
and you know not really swearing but
still just like heavy opinion stuff
mm-hmm I do it biggest fun you know I
see something I want to explore it I
used to travel all the time you know I
worked advice I was in all these
different countries and all these
dangerous places not because I wanted to
have a name for myself not because I
want to make money I wanted to watch a
revolution I want to know why it was
happening and I want to talk to the
people who are experiencing it so I can
I can I can relate to people who say
money isn't a motivator for sure but
I've also talked to people in
Scandinavia who have told me they sort
of give up at a certain point because I
can remember which country it was it may
have been Sweden or or Norway but these
two women told me that after like
seventy seven thousand dollars per year
they tax like 80 percent of your income
so people just stop they literally just
know that's another proposition right
this is something else that's been
discussed in terms of anyone who makes
more than X amount per year taxing them
over seventy percent so I I agree with
the progressive tax wholeheartedly I
disagree with a number that high what do
you think it should be I don't I don't
know but I will say we need more
progressive brackets we need to keep
going and you know I got to say maybe
maybe at ten million dollars seventy
percent doesn't make sense but I kind of
lean towards not really because it seems
like man that's a lot of money that's a
lot that's that's that's more that's
that's a ridiculous amount you know I
think Steve Bannon said something like a
five in front of it or something but I
don't know I'm not an economist but I do
believe a progressive tax makes the most
sense and I can explain it to you if you
want to hear it sure so there was a
study I believe I was from Harvard you
need seventy seven thousand dollars per
year this may have been ten years ago in
order to be middle-class median in the
United States that means if you make
seventy seven thousand you'll have
vacation you'll have insurance you'll
have a car you can raise a family you
can send them to school all that stuff
but you have nothing left over for
savings you have nothing left over for
investments if you make a hundred
thousand dollars a year you're gonna
have twenty three thousand dollars left
over for investing eventually at a
certain point if you only need seventy
seven thousand dollars if you're making
ten million you've got nine you know
million nine hundred nine thousand that
you can invest and you'd be
independently wealthy and be rich
forever now I have no problem with being
wealthy I have no I have no problem with
other people being wealthy and living
off of their investments and all that
but there is a point where you have to
realize the the coalescing of pow
the monopolizing of power is a really
dangerous thing for any society too few
individuals holding too much power can
destabilize an economy can to stabilize
a country the problem with communism you
snap your fingers and you put a
centralized Authority in place at least
that's how it's been every single time
and then they hold all the cards and
they can oppress whoever they want the
problem with laissez-faire capitalism is
over time which is why it's better in a
lot of ways over time it eventually
becomes a centralized oligopoly of a few
corporations controlling everything
which were kind of seeing now so all the
progressive tax can really do is slow
that process down which i think is a
good thing but ultimately I think just
looking at the system eventually you end
up kind of where we are where six media
companies control everything and then
you know some companies are the biggest
funders of certain politicians and
corporations they serve too much power I
mean there's a III remember reading us a
report or a story about how wealthy
people have like three or four times
more ability to influence a politician
than like the majority of the people in
the country simply because paying for
expensive dinners and lobbying earns you
favors you know super PACs paying you
know guaranteeing funding for a
politician earns your favors so it's you
know look if a million people tell me
they want you know X but the people who
are paying me like funding my campaign
are paying me more well Who am I gonna
provide favors to and then once I'm done
with my campaign run I can go to a job
at their company yeah these are problems
so without going on too big of a rant I
think ultimately a progressive tax can
help slow the process down of special
interests acquiring too much power
eventually it happens anyway but with a
flat tax you're basically saying at a
certain point you can just keep dumping
more and more money into different
investments making more and more money
and increasing your power exponentially
and other people can't catch up to you
and then power becomes too quick right
yeah I think in this country we try to
look at success and achievement is
something that everyone striving for and
we don't want to put any restrictions on
that yeah we look at capitalism is the
reason why everything's going so great
over here this is America land of the
free home of the brave go out there and
kick ass we're not going to saddle you
down with debt but it makes sense that
after a while as we're seeing today
but I don't mean what is what's the best
way to do it in socialism is not gonna
work what what does work I think a mixed
economy makes it kind of where we are
right now right a portion of income is
paid in taxes for enough iment programs
for the rather the for defense and
things like that I just think we have a
big problem with corruption I think
we've got bloat I think we've got
government agencies that instead of
reforming and breaking them down we just
slap more band-aids on top yeah we got a
festering wound we're putting bandages
over bandages you know it's like a
certain point you got to redo it we also
have systems that are in place that I
mean in terms of like the way
communities have always existed in
certain communities there's just poverty
and crime and no one does anything to
fix it right and it seems to be that
we're more than willing to go to other
countries a nation build we're
volunteered more than willing to pump
money into different countries
especially if they have natural
resources but in our own country we're
not I mean the greatest resources of
course human beings and the best way to
make America great or stronger would be
to have less losers well what's the best
way to have less losers to have more
people succeed what's the best way to
have more people succeed give them more
opportunity and chance to not be stuck
in a quagmire not be trapped in a ghetto
this is yeah so I believe we should
allocate access from other areas to
improve the certain areas in that sense
I believe in socialism to a certain
extent like that's leaving it with with
fire departments I believe in it with
the police department I believe we
should spend money that comes out of you
know the public pool to fix things right
I look at New York there are some
neighborhoods that are really bad some
neighborhoods that are really good well
if we take excess from the really great
neighborhoods and use that to fix roads
pay for schools and poor neighborhoods
crime is one of the biggest correlations
for crime is poverty yes so if we can
get better schools we need to reform the
school system straight up if we can get
better hospitals if we can fix the roads
then we're doing a lot to reduce crime
and reduce poverty and a rising tide
lifts all ships yes so that's why you
know I that's why I like Bernie Sanders
although I will I say I make sure I tell
people like he is a little too left for
me he is but when we when we were
looking at who we had in 2016 I was like
yeah Bernie's my guy you know I like
some parts of them I like
Timm culturally I like that right you
know for the same reason in some ways
that I like to Obama culturally I mean I
don't like the drone attacks I don't
like the attacks on whistleblowers
there's a lot of aspects of it that I
found very disturbing and distasteful
and against the narrative of what we
think of who he is we think of him as
this extremely articulate very well-read
educated guy and you know good a good
figurehead in terms of like who the
president is right right but and he was
drone bombing yeah foreign countries his
administration was claiming that
military aged men who were enemy
combatants you know so one of the one of
the military aged men period right right
and so it's like a dude carrying water
pails gets blown up and they're like
he's a combatant you know Rosie and so
you know when it comes to Trump what did
he do missile strike in Syria weapons
deal with Saudi Arabia commando raids in
Yemen a little girl got killed and I've
been for the most part very very
critical of him and any other
administration who engages in regime
change Foreign Wars and look I gotta say
you know when it comes to domestic
issues I'm not that's not my wheelhouse
when it comes to foreign policy stuff
only a little bit like I've been to some
countries I've experienced stuff but
really you know on the ground culture
roll between you know people is more my
thing but I know more about foreign
policy than domestic and when I see
Trump's foreign policy I was very
critical of it but I will point out
withdrawing from Syria I'm a fan I
understand a lot more than probably the
average person does some of the issues
surrounding Syria Russia the Qatar
Turkey pipeline and things but typically
I think it's usually a bad idea when the
US involves itself's informed foreign
interests and tries engaging and these
regime change change strategies to build
allies but one of the things that really
blew my mind is I saw a survey at least
it was going around the in on social
media so who knows if it's true that
claims the Democrats have a favorable
opinion of George W Bush you know
something something that affects and
they're there in retrospect like yeah
like today they pulled them they're like
oh he was good and there's a video of
him like giving a piece of candy to
Michelle Obama and everyone was like I
was going viral and people are laughing
about I'm like are you not say hold
hands that's crazy
that guy's awful like that guy but what
happened and and then when Trump
announces he's gonna pull troops out of
Syria everybody opposes it like the
media saying it's wrong and you've got a
lot of like mainstream people on the
Left saying it's wrong and I'm
like it is what do you mean like that's
crazy to me like you know all of my
activist friends we've never been in
favor of that stuff we've always opposed
that's always been the left's position
and now I'm seeing people who claim to
be on the left support multinational
businesses as private businesses doing
whatever they want meaning like social
media yeah like like dude you know Saudi
Arabia Prince is one of the biggest
investors in Twitter
Briony yeah yeah and so it's like there
have been a series of people who have
gotten letters that they've violated
Pakistani law I mean they say send
screenshots you know screen house can be
faked but there have been a couple
people who have been like for some
reason Twitter decided to inform me of
this and then it's it's it's a
multinational let's let's talk about the
the Al Gore algorithmic apocalypse let's
let's segue into that you've got a
platform where our public discourse is
happening where the left has repeatedly
said that Russians used it to manipulate
our elections where one of its biggest
investors is a Saudi prince or something
to that effect and they are banning
people of a certain who oppose a certain
ideological bent like that sounds like a
democratic crisis right if if this is
where the public sphere is if you you
know you said Milos no longer in the
conversation you know he's banned from
Twitter even was got millions of
followers right they don't talk about
him anymore soft Twitter Twitter really
is important the president is there so
if you start removing people you've got
foreign interests who have a stake in
what Twitter is doing yeah they can
seriously influence our elections yeah
and and they they are but all but I'll
move into what most really crazy New
York Times reported there's a group that
false flagged the Republicans in Alabama
with fake Twitter accounts they made to
convince the media Russians were
propping up the campaign of Roy Moore so
basically this according their times is
all fact this is they've seen the
documents they've reported it that
Democratic operatives smeared engage in
a false flag campaign to make it appear
like the Russians were popping up
Republicans and the national media in
the u.s. ran with it how that's not a
crime is beyond me that's interfering in
elections and we know it and this group
is still being cited they're smearing
Tulsi Gabbard right yeah an NBC News
article came out saying that Russians
are you know if taken notice of our
campaign are promoting it same group
still running the story do you know how
that's not a crime is a mind belonging
me but the New York Times reported it so
it's at this point it's like I mean
that's I think we have to be aware that
there's so much manipulation going on
right now from almost every angle oh
yeah
some I mean and what's hilarious is that
people look at what's going on with
Russian troll factories and you know the
way they're trying to influence our
elections that it's particularly
egregious yeah where we do that shit Oh
totally plus and I'm pretty sure we
learned about the u.s. doing it well
before we learned Russia was doing it
and I'd be willing to bet the u.s.
started it it's just the whole thing is
so you can't pay attention to all of it
that's part of the problem yeah I mean
maybe you can and if this is what you're
doing seven days a week and and even you
are will probably struggle to keep up
but like me I can't and it's one of the
reasons why I brought you in here when
you you and I have that conversation
when the first things I realized right
away I okay I could have you coach me
like we talked about this yeah but I'm
not going to I'm like I'm not going to
get at all I'm gonna have to like study
it for a long time and I don't have the
resources to do that this is part of the
problem that I had with that one podcast
with Jack I just don't have the
resources and they yes so I think it'd
be fair to point out you know like
YouTube criticism too because in talking
about censorship I think a lot of people
immediately assume that come on here and
start waving my arms and they're
screaming they're biased against
conservatives which I think to an assent
account did but YouTube is is is a bit
different YouTube does it has D
monetized LGBT content and YouTube has
said that these topics are not suitable
for all advertisers because it deals
with sexuality they have target many
left-wing channels there are a lot of
non mainstream left-wing you know
outlets and we actually target what you
mean is D monetize D monetize or
sometimes outright ban and I think then
for D monetizing I think they've made a
state what was the the policy there it's
essentially things that are political
correct if they made that statement I
don't know that I was gonna I was gonna
dinner to interject that they've also
banned are not banned but demonetised
people are extensively people that smoke
weed on their Channel totally yeah I
actually or certain video game channels
that have
for unknown reasons just stop having
monetization on their channel - and that
is the problem ultimately them having
this incredible power where yeah they
they really there's no there's not real
open competition in terms of like
another like a parallel competitor I
don't think there will be really but but
here's the thing I I think you tips out
a bunch of really bad things I'm gonna
give a very important shout-out to
monkey Jones who was wrongly terminated
from YouTube for highly dubious reasons
he is a dark dark kimete dark comic he
had hundreds of thousands of followers
he made jokes about things like school
shootings very dark stuff but it was
clearly mocking some of these people was
mocking Elliot Rodger who's making jokes
about it and in fact some of his videos
were approved manually for monetization
but for some reason YouTube just wiped
him out one day gone so he set up a new
channel and said okay you know we're not
gonna do that anymore doesn't matter
they got rid of him he's effectively off
of YouTube and he was like he's up he's
a well-known funny guy he wasn't
breaking the rules he wasn't but they
still deleted deleted his channel so I
bring him up because I think it's
worrisome that yes without an
alternative your career is wiped out in
a second with no recourse and no reason
why and the response they give you as
it's our platform yeah and you'll hear
people say oh but they're a private
business they can do what they want sure
but there are monopolies we've got to
have restrictions on that yeah yeah I
have a question to ask here because I've
had this conversation with some friends
of mine and this came up and like this
is I guess the devil's advocate to this
question because this happened with my
space my space still exists yeah and
there are people that had millions of
followers on that platform are they owed
something by my space because my space
failed and they're their accounts no
longer have the clout that they once had
no you know like so if if for instance
like it for YouTube failed tomorrow
this could pudy pie sue them because
they've made bad business decisions and
not an issue that's totally totally
different I know my license I see what
you're sending a Twitter account like
they're not banning someone's IP address
from using Twitter comm and going to see
slash real Donald Trump and see what
he's saying right but listen your
myspace failed because of alternatives
Facebook became more prominent there
an option and the other issue is monkey
Jones followed the rules he was he was
told by YouTube this is what you can and
can't do he said you got it and then one
day they just wiped him out and so then
they never gave any explanation uh I
don't believe so and it was really weird
because and I it's been a little while
some went over the story but there was a
video he posted that was like a music
video making fun of elliot rodger he's
that school that minister guy it existed
on different channels on other like
another prominent channel that existed
and they banned him and then he brought
up like why was it banned on mine but
this one was approved and then I could
day later they banned the other one they
copyright struck it the issue here is if
there was an alternative to YouTube you
where you can operate I'd be on it right
so one of things I'll give a shout out
I've been using mine's a my Indian yeah
I'm actually having bill the guy owns it
how do you say last name not men augment
bill Altman's coming on soon I made a
concerted effort after that podcast to
reach out to a bunch of different people
and try to expand this conversation I
want to have the guy from gab two gaps
gabs in murky you know a gap has been
murky in terms of content but not really
in terms of I don't think so oh so I did
it I researched this a little bit if you
look at their Wikipedia page it's simple
sourcing they there was a study done on
gab that found I think they only have
like five percent of the posts are
considered to be hate speech whereas
Twitter is like two point three or
something
so gab is predominantly not hate speech
not much more than Twitter and when you
consider that we're looking at
percentages you can actually see that
Twitter's hate speeches in the millions
and gabs is in the tens of thousands but
gab is running you know the media
non-stop yes men I think when it comes
to YouTube I actually I actually trust
them I do I really do I think the reason
they took on monkey is because the the
potential for a PR backlash over his
kind of content was so great they said
we don't care and that's unfair that's
wrong I think they were wrong to do it
but but you understand the motivation I
understand the motivation and I actually
think YouTube does more to protect free
speech on the internet than a lot of
these other companies do when you and
I'll give you feel good example is first
of all when you're D monetized you still
earn YouTube read revenue so YouTube
still will like they're trying to pay
you they want the money
but with sargon of akkad getting banned
from patreon patreon banned him because
they said you used a naughty word on
YouTube eight months ago YouTube doesn't
carry said the word right is that that
pod word called that uh yes all right
the white n-word you do didn't care
YouTube said it's it's fine in a
platform that that's fun that's fine
paste racially the context right in the
context of which it was used it's it
just takes 30 seconds listening to it go
oh I see what he's doing even if it's
kind of a clunky right use of the words
he's not using an array Civ racist way
he was trying to you know actually this
is a who's trying to show how stupid
they are but can we talk about the bias
on Twitter with Sarah Jong who for three
years was posting anti white racists
like mean-spirited awful things and the
excuse was she was using the language of
her oppressors yeah well we think Sargon
was doing yeah he was using their
language against them exactly they hire
at the New York Times yes that's that's
terrifying and there was a huge backlash
there you know and I want to take this
opportunity to to point out Media
Matters there was when that Ain thing
went around the alternative influence
network lying mm-hmm like there was a
Media Matters wrote about it I politely
reached out to the person who did and
their response was I hope a bird poops
on your head and it gets in your eyebrow
and you smell like farts that was what
that's that's the response they gave me
what yeah I said just want to have you
heads up there's a lot that's wrong in
this report it's not true my gonna hold
these beliefs I've never had this
individual and that was that was the
response the literal response was I hope
a bird poops on your boots on you and it
falls in your eyebrow and you smell like
like dirty farts or something then when
I when I could so yeah I mean I got
ahold of their fucking typewriter or
keyboard rather and you know I'm the the
the guy who started it was at politican
and he and he set up on stage fake news
is predominantly it's he said it's only
an it's only a phenomenon of the right
the left doesn't engage in conspiracies
and fake news which is nonsense of
course Indians and I afterwards I said
let me ask you then because one of your
writers responded to me in this way and
he's like I don't know I don't know
anything about it and yeah I can't
respond and then he's like you know
walked off and I was like
you know I want to circle back to GAAP
because I get what you're saying that
the volume is lower and that there's
less well I read right but what do you
what is your opinion of it though you
were you can't we kind of got
sidetracked oh it's a it's I don't I
don't know I I can agree with the the
general notion
yeah ology of if it's legal it's allowed
right and I would I would argue that you
know what jack is trying to do with
Twitter or I would say him personally
but what Twitter is trying to do is what
create like a comfy padded neon room for
the kids to hang out it know the real
world is harsh yeah I think what they're
trying to do and I don't want to speak
for him but I think they're trying to
engineer the conversation to be more
polite and civil says who exactly
you know who's who's definition if it's
a good point and that's and that's
that's I see so many of these people who
just they wield power and they're
unaccountable well it's also you don't
recognize the consequences of telling
people what they can and can't do and
that it's this is a very slippery slope
you're running up a greased hill yeah
and and people don't like it they don't
like it and well the thing is like when
you see something like if everything was
just open
what would the conversation should be
like if there was no banning if there
was nothing it was just everything all
real free speech you would have mean if
there was it was impossible let's put it
this way it was impossible to ban
someone from any social media platform
whether it's YouTube or Twitter or
Instagram
what would the conversations look like
how much different would they be and
would we maybe have a healthier way of
adjusting I think it would be worse
worse because I could I could be
temporary or in the long run may be
temporary but there I believe it's
called the online inhibition effect
basically the opportunity to be
anonymous online sure and and the in the
distance makes people they have no
problem being their worst self yeah and
so I can understand what Twitter wants
to do they say hey we need to figure out
how we stop people from being mean all
the time right because Twitter is is a
hellscape of just mean people saying
mean things well it's also again because
they're anonymous and because it's
possible but then look Alex Jones can
can say a bunch of really awful things
it's his right to
associated event he shouldn't if so it
does does Alex Jones I'm not I don't
wanna directly accuse him because I
don't watch his show but if he goes on
Twitter and he says something that's
deemed to be false
should he be banned for that no if he if
he challenges a journalist should be
banned for that no because let me tell
you because he says things about me that
aren't true and I don't I don't think
you should be bright I think in any
saying the things about me and I don't
think he should be bad I think Alex I
think we should talk you have a
conversation I watched those videos he's
upset he's upset and I get it in certain
ways I get it and he thinks I took a
shot at him and I get it and I probably
did and I shouldn't have so he so here's
here's the thing that my point is I
don't think you should be banned
right and it's he's doing it at me yeah
yeah like I mentioned those people from
Occupy who lie about me all the time
they've posted the most ridiculous lies
about me I still don't they should be
banned right does it the thing is if you
banned them and then someone opposes
them but then someone opposes the people
who oppose them and they want them
banned and then you have this fucking
war back and forth and instead of
fighting bad ideas or incorrect ideas
with correct or good ideas
now you just have people press and ban
hammers left and right you're just
trying to figure out who the majority is
so you can side with the biggest group
but and you're trying to divert you
signal and you're trying to get
something that supports your ideology
whether it's right or left so here's the
thing with Jones though if the people on
the left want to argue that he is making
the platform worse and and horrible I
understand that and I recognize well
that's unfortunate
right this is the real world and
sometimes people say things you don't
like but more importantly a lot of
people argued that when you when he said
the you know he said something about
Sandy Hook which again I haven't seen
the videos but they've they've been sued
they said that he sent a nope never
happened so so what is fake news to be
banned well many people were saying yes
Facebook needs to ban a fake news but
think about what that means it means
you're not to be wrong okay because fake
news doesn't mean you did it on purpose
more importantly you're not ought to be
stupid well here's another thing again
in defense of Alex one thing that Alex
did do is in the future after after he
was done saying the things that he said
about Sandy Hook he then said it
definitely happened so he so he correct
discourse and there's no is there a path
for redemption when you correct your
course and if there's not what are we
doing because we're not treating people
like human beings then whether it's Milo
or whether it's anybody I mean I'm sorry
but path to redemption is so fucking
critical yes so let me tell you I went
to Sweden people were claiming things
were happening in Sweden a couple years
ago I decided to go check it out for
some reason a bunch of people believe
that I pushed some far right can far
right-wing conspiracy when I actually
physically pushed them was that you
pushed a conspiracy theory or a per
Syrian oh so so so basically you had
Donald Trump say last night in Sweden as
soon as he says this the media goes wild
my friend and I my friend Emily who
works with me on and off set we were
like dude we should just go to Sweden
and just like walk around film stuff and
make a video about what we experienced
which had to go almost immediately it's
reported we found nothing
we found the neighborhood's were
actually very nice substantially nicer
than Chicago but we did find there was
an increase in crime is very tepid for
some reason now people are claiming that
like I'm pushing conspiracies or
something right I was gonna go somewhere
that but I kind of lost my train of
thought I had a specific a here we go
when I was there Joey salads was a big
youtuber reached out to me on Twitter
saying hey I'm here too let's meet up I
got really angry because Joey salads
made a video I think a couple years ago
where he staged a bunch of black guys
destroying a car to make it seem like
these these neighborhoods were you know
black people were gonna destroy Trump
car and it was like it was just very
racist it's awful horrible yeah he's big
youtuber and so he reached out to me and
I got really pissed like dude you're
fake news you're a racist
and I was like and I just I starts
cussing at him I was like this is like
that's not normal for me but night but
afterwards kind of realized something
Joey made a mistake he reached out to me
it was polite he was honest I think he
did something really really bad if I
tell him if I cuss him out if I just be
mean to him what's he gonna do the only
people who will accept him if the only
people are gonna be nice to him are the
actual racists well then he's gonna go
to the racists yeah he needs a path to
redemption so I so I apologized and I
said that was wrong I should have done
that I should I should be willing to
hear you out and I should give you an
opportunity to better yourself otherwise
you won't and then I met up with him and
talked to him and I and
think he made a huge mistake I think
what he did was wrong I think it was
self-motivated I think it was money
motivated but I think none of that
matters all that matters is you tell him
you do this one more time where you're
out you're out with the Wolves but if
you if you agree to do the right thing
and your will and you're sincere then
okay good for you
thank you I think that's got to be a
part of the conversation yeah I mean we
I I think this idea of just banning
people for life but letting people out
of jail after they commit murder and
right they can reenter society its Kyle
it's hard for them for a long time yeah
sound show it's not easy but we're
saying there's a path to redemption but
what ends up happening is they create
parallel economies they create parallel
networks and that causes more division
more anxiety yes like you see you see
these alternative social networks emerge
because people get banned so they all
move to one place this is back to gap
yeah yeah so but you know I think gab is
mostly I got to be honest I don't surf
gab I've read what these people have
said about it but at this point I don't
trust a lot of the media I don't and
that's not unique for me most Americans
have a gap or you mean everything what
they've said about gab and everything
right I mean what but your opinion of
Gap I mean that you see that I'm you
don't have a clear opinion of it my
opinion of gab is that they do allow
there's there's a lot more people with
extreme views simply because it's legal
right so they go there naturally right
but based on what I've read about it
from like actual reports it's not
substantially worse than Twitter but it
does allow them as a big difference
right you can go on Twitter you can get
away with it for a while gab you just
going gab and say bunch of crazy stuff
and right unless you you know break the
law there have been accusations leveled
against gab that they've actually
dragged their feet on getting rid of
illegal things like calls for violence
you know mm-hmm but for the more are
some things you can get kicked off or
like daxing right right lines yeah so
it's not the Wild West but it's wilder
but you know what the media these people
and when I say the media I specifically
mean these digital New York based
outlets for the most part they they like
to say things like you know that guy who
shot up at synagogue yes horrible just
disgusting but they say gab user
so-and-so a gab user he was a Twitter
user right he's on Twitter drank water
he drank water yeah you know well shrink
water Hitler Hitler yep boom
yeah there it is but it's it's it's it's
crazy it's like come on man yeah you
know but I but I will recognize right
now that at this point gab is its yeah
if you're gonna go on there the media is
gonna accuse you of every single name in
the book I'm sure you got a you know so
I've had conversations with people on
here well they'll just immediately start
throwing out these these descriptions of
what gab is and what gab stands for and
like okay I mean I had it with Barry
Weiss I was like right I was gonna say
ants on politicians
yeah that was uh oof that's all just say
woof woof which part oof the the tulsi
gabbard
toady III you know III did you see what
um yeah Jimmy did about it I was
laughing the whole time
Jimmy Dore Jimmy Dore might like me to
fuck in though he's fuckin great might
right and the way he did it in front of
a live crowd yeah yeah and and but but
here's the thing I gotta say like I'm
sorry to bury it really did sound like
you didn't even know if the word meant
yeah because if you say what that word
mean I'll tell you what I think it means
I won't ask someone to check the feed
first right you know so it's like and
she also she's also been dragged because
she did a story where she used a satire
tweet from anti-fur or something I don't
I don't notice airily so she's had her
share but you know and it's been busted
doing that too she's got caught with a
anti fuh a fake antique post on a wall
that was like hourly was a troll so many
somebody trolled it but you know that's
what's so crazy is things are so fucking
blurry it's hard to see the troll
sometimes oh yeah
and so that therein lies the big problem
I mean my brother might be one of the
most notorious not Natori is the wrong
word because he like kind of hides in
the shadows but he's done so my brother
cloned I can't member which website he
cloned a website right the actually the
yes man recently did it slow him post
copied perfectly and he wrote an article
about how a new strain of marijuana was
discovered cannabis Australia's he said
that he was the Dean at the University
of Sydney or something like that who was
dating pop star Meghan Trainor just the
most ridiculous thing and that he said
we need to find a female plant so far
this what we have its ground brain
it's come so so he did this very very
clever thing he bought a domain name
that was something like calm - guest
info that's the URL he then created a
sub domain so it's like you know just
hypothetically cnn.com - guest the
average person just sees cnn.com right
they assume it's real I don't know how
he shared it but he makes this whole
Ritz it's so ridiculous man I gotta say
if you thought it was real yeah I got a
bridge to sell you
High Times picked it up got 50,000
shares breakthrough new strain of
marijuana discovered my brother is just
laughing the whole time
and I was like what did you do like my
brothers like my opposite you know I try
to be honest to the best of my ability
you can you know I think you know people
accuse me of being a liar that's not
fair I could be wrong for sure but I try
my best to be rational my brother on the
other hand is like editing videos making
him ridiculous as possible he made
another video where and it's crazy cuz
he tries to make sure people it's it's
over-the-top he made a video where it's
a van getting pulled over it looks like
a police dashcam and then the cop walks
up to the car checks the guy's license
walks back and the driver releases pot
on a balloon and then an air point so
it's Hanks - like he's disposing his
drugs with helium balloons so they fly
away and then the cop runs up firing
guns at it this thing got hundreds of
millions of views it was on Facebook
every other day it's it was like he made
it four years ago or something and I saw
it on Instagram like two weeks ago and I
was like dude and I showed him people
think it's real like it's the craziest
but you know yeah I don't know so
there's so much fucked up stuff that is
real it's so hard to differentiate what
I mean hold on like let's let's throw
some shade at high times like when they
did this you they said they when they
corrected the article and saying it was
a hoax they said we wanted to call for a
verification but we thought the story
was too hot to pass up that's a really
good example but that's a really good
example of covington it's a really good
example of what these news organizations
do this high times they were probably
not barbecue Tyler fucking mine when
they wrote that and and I say like
they're not they're not the the bastions
of great journalism we don't hold High
Times on a pedestal next to the New York
Times not to be disrespectful right and
I respect the publication but the New
York Times is the paper of record yes at
the same time if it's your job
you're writing stories on a specialty
light come on man yeah but look this is
this is a there's there's two big things
that affect media that I think are
worrisome Covington exemplifies really
well that people just wrote they didn't
do any research at all right and it was
off it was all wrong then even watch the
videos because you can see in the first
well not only that but what's even more
egregious is they did this several days
right afterwards and they were still
like the Bill Maher thing yeah it's very
unfortunate but then yeah it's it's all
avoidable if you're gonna discuss
something and you're gonna do it in a
public forum like that and you know
about it in advance this is not like
you're on a podcast ad libbing and you
say something and you mystique this is
something that's planned the other thing
that worries me greatly is what we see
with with learn to code right so this an
NBC reporter is he goes on this big
Twitter threat about how Twitter needs
to take action against these harassment
campaigns and they refused to do it the
next day he writes an article citing an
activist about how a far-right campaign
is sending death threats to journalists
and Twitter's and doing anything about
it
and after that he starts posting about
how he's getting death threats a day
after that Twitter announces they'll
take action so what do we see here this
guy called for action couldn't get it
done
wrote an article slanting it as a
far-right campaign against journalists
Twitter decides to take action now
people are getting banned for tweeting
learn to code there's so many people do
you think are making these critical
decisions I think it's a handful I mean
I can't imagine Twitter's got a massive
staff but what like what you think they
have a huge staff what couple hundred
well there's a hundred offices and
roughly 3,500 employees at those
okay so way more than I thought I was
yeah that's when I was 35 offices but
how many uh example are operating in the
bubble during that ideological bubble
but it's not just that you know you ban
Kathy Griffin she's a celebrity with
millions of followers they don't care
about Alex Jones Alex Jones sell
supplements right it's complicated I
mean I can't really understand why you
he's well he's more polarizing but he's
already very famous oh come on Kathy
Griffin showed a photo of Donald Trump
with this you know with his head cut off
which is even you know Orange do you
wanna know something really crazy the
guy who wrote all the articles demanding
I don't say demanding that's but maybe
unfair
Oliver Darcy goes
CNN and says it was media pressure that
got Jones banned he's the guy who
repeatedly wrote about it he was the guy
Jones confronted about it yes Oliver
Darcy interviewed me in 2016 about a
video I made where I said it's worrisome
that Twitter is banning people for their
political ideologies Oliver Darcy in
Turkey I don't if you interviewed me but
he wrote an article about my video and
this is it so this is a journalist at
Business Insider who says oh it's a
really interesting thing to him let me
write about your take on what's
happening and then two years later is is
talking about how his media pressure got
Jones banned it's like a weird 180 you
know Wow yeah so I'm not trying to be
disrespectful to him cuz i you know i
know him somewhat in passing but i will
say there's a certain point where i
think it's unfair to accuse a journalist
of advocating for something simply for
covering it but then he went on CNN and
said it was media pressure that got him
banned and i'm kind of like okay you
have to realize at that point you were
the one who led that charge you know
right and you know yeah i don't care if
you like him or not banning him for for
dubious reasons just creates huge
problems it shows your bias but just
saying it that way to dislike when
hunter has thompson spread the rumor
about Ed muskie being on ibogaine and
then he went on the Dick Cavett show
it's a hilarious clip and he goes well
actually there was a rumor it was a
rumor about him being on a begain and I
know cuz I started the rumor and okay
you know I mean that's exactly that's
kind of the same thing yeah it's like
yeah you caused it
yeah yeah you spread the rumor but but
you know there's another thing too is um
patreon banned Lauren southern you think
it was like a year and a half two years
ago and when she got banned it I don't
know if you know what happened but she
she went in the boat in the
Mediterranean and what was that she did
something with the migrants she did she
did a protest action with I believe it
was generation identity which are I
don't know how to describe them because
you know people like to throw labels
around but they're like European
nationalists and III you people have
called them white nationalists but again
I don't know enough about their group so
I think it's fair to say that that's
that might be the case forgive me for
being ignorant for the most part but
their ideology I know people are gonna
tear me apart she gets in a boat they go
up to one of these my one of these
migrant vessels that does they they say
it's a search and rescue vehicle but
this bet
been a point of debate and she like
waves a flyer in the air and then she
says on the stream like get in front of
him get in front of him but I believe
she never did jack conte banned her and
they were like what you were doing may
have caused loss of life your band a lot
of people then started to point out that
there's a website called it's going down
and this is a you know consider to be
far left extremist site one of the
articles was teaching people or
advocating for pouring concrete on train
tracks to disrupt derail these trains
can cause loss of life so Jack so I saw
this and I thought this is really
fascinating I'd like to know why patreon
banned Southern and why they don't take
action in this regard I reached out to
jack conte I tweeted enemy said he'd
call me on the phone and I said you know
I'd like to understand your
decision-making how this came to be what
brought you to the attention of Lauren
what about this
he ended up banning it's going down and
then they wrote an article titled Tim
pool and the alt-right get you know it's
going down banned from patreon or
something hmm and that's been cited the
jimmy dore had it on his show and a
bunch of over like just what we got you
know Tim Poole is not alright I know and
I said listen man I didn't advocate for
them to be banned I don't want anyone
banned right I just wanted to know what
their decision-making process was and
this was the thing that was going viral
among people on Twitter who were you
know asking about this and so now I get
accused of campaigning to get them bad
just like you know Oliver Darcy was with
with with um with Jones but uh well and
then immediately they slap that
distinction on you as soon as I mean
just calling someone alright today it's
so strange how you know I don't know if
you know but all in the world of
stand-up comedy used to be progressive
liberal like like weird coffee shop type
rooms it was all comedy they don't even
use that term anymore right because it's
so toxic and I try to avoid saying all
term you say alternative media all the
time and this has happened over the
course of just a couple of years yeah
and the thing is shifted and it's moving
and revolving in morphing so quickly you
want to know what's really crazy for
years on my Wikipedia page it claimed
that I invented a Zeppelin Zeppelin like
a blimp yes yeah it's funny right well
Wikipedia said I was Brian Collins
brother for a decade here's the thing
when I went to Sweden I
pacifically stated a let me let me let
me let me back up Paul Joseph Watson of
Infowars put out a call saying I
challenge any journalists to spend a
weekend in Malmo and I'll cover your
costs
everybody's bombarding him saying Oh pay
me pay me and he's kind of just ignoring
it people are threatening to sue him you
better pay you promised
I had already set up a GoFundMe for the
project before I believe it was before
you know something made a video about it
saying Donald Trump said X Y & Z we're
gonna go do this story when I saw he
made this call I think was actually
Emily who noticed it I said hey I'll do
it and he was like to be I think that's
something like I was just taking the
piss but yeah sure I'll send you a
donation and I laughed and I was like
hey man I'll take you know if he wants
to throw away my go fund me here's what
what ends up happening is people then
claimed I was I went there because Paul
Joseph watch and challenge challenged me
not true he donated about 9% of our
total fund that we raised and I was
already planning on going there
Wikipedia there was a challenge on my
Wikipedia page where they someone said
you wrote Tim Poole went there because
of Paul just wasn't challenged in -
that's not true
what's your proof this YouTube video
from tim pool where he says we've
already arranged this we are not going
here because of Paul Joseph Watson the
response that's not a reliable source
someone came back with a reliable source
you know it was a Huffington Post
article that quoted my youtube video
how's that I understand why couldn't you
just take my word for it why did you
have to get Huffington Post to just
quote me that was apparently nervous so
I you know I'm that's I guess so the
reason I bring this up is because what
happens then if you're conservative and
a bunch of friends who work for various
news organizations all at the same time
write 10 articles saying Joe Rogan is
all right now on Wikipedia 10 articles
pop up immediately saying this is a fact
10 different organizations have written
it and there it is in your in your page
and the crazy thing is the UK does this
all the time you know they call various
personalities all - right they call
sargon they call dank EULA you know just
go to Wikipedia and look up the phrase
it means white nationalists neo
Confederate it's like literally about a
white ethnos state these people have
denounced this in their and you know
it's like with with sargon of akkad it
was a really fascinating phenomenon on
patreon where
all of a sudden these left-wing outlets
said Sargon was banned for going after
the alt-right and I'm like behold on
you've written in the past that he was
alt right well you when you say you like
the media's not these various
organizations same organizations but
differs well I don't want it I don't
want to but not the same journalists um
I I will lean towards I believe yes
because it's it's it's but but so so
whenever it's convenient they just throw
that there are some people who write
that the problem is if I met if I named
these people they're gonna they're gonna
point their pens in my direction and all
these things are gonna swing at me and
the other thing too is I don't want to I
don't want a brigade them it's not
important anyway what's really important
is the actual reality of how that's done
there are I really want to name this
organization it's it's one of the
prominent well known but they repeatedly
write stories that are just so over the
top I roll my eyes and I'm like well I
will say the Huffington Post
you know is another organization that
wrote like oh god what was it that some
some this guy wrote about Nazis on get
on a steam Osteen like that steam as a
Nazi problem and very clearly like
anybody was like video game just right
right this we use because apparently he
was referencing a very small like here's
what happens okay I don't know too much
about this I know there was criticism in
the journalism space around what he did
but it's like you find three guys on
Twitter who are saying something they
quote tweet them and say boom fact like
you find one guy who says you know I
just plain don't like this group and
they'll be like Nazis don't like this
group and they'll write a big story
about it cuz I found one tweet you know
what I mean you know so apparently you
know this guy in The Huffington Post
wrote a story about how people on gab
were presenting really disgusting
recipes for food and I'm just I'm
wondering what's newsworthy about a
random gab users master choli recipe oh
I saw that it was hilarious but but but
then again is that comedy article yeah
it's an opinion piece but it's just
calling people assholes but they they're
senior editor a senior writer who
travels and covers news on the ground
why but put hold on isn't that funny
or isn't it interesting I mean it's if
it's just some shitty recipes like the
only thing that's odd about is that it's
a gab shitty recipe because it was just
a shitty recipe online
but that's my question if say was on
medium which by the way we can't leave
without talking about chef basil alright
well we talked about it but if it was on
medium if someone said like look at
these dummies with their terrible
fucking recipes it would still be almost
as interesting but its flavored moist
but you're allowed to mock them because
it's your AB but but it's it's almost
like they're uneducated you know Vox ran
an article claiming that people who hold
alt right views are like 11 million or
some huge number and that's just like
it's absurd it's not 11 million American
what you defined outright as being some
sort of white supremacist I will quote
The Associated okay Associated Press the
AAP guidelines are that alt right means
white nationalist a desire can I ask you
this we have find that how does it why
or this Richard Spencer is the man who
popularized the term yeah so he's not
the one who coined it but he popularized
it and he is a white nationalist right
so I mean you know if you want to be a
part of his movement there are certain
things that are attached to it
and other other all the right people
have written huge things about what it
is so the AP said these are our
guidelines and I'll defer to the
Associated Press I have a lot of respect
for them there you go
you know so if these news organizations
there was a will limit weekly this is
this is it's it's man I just really I I
worked for Vice I was actually one I'm
one of the the key reasons vice news
exists and I look back on it now it
makes me kind of sad how they've written
some of these most like ridiculous
articles I'm really proud of a lot of
stuff they've done but I I quit I quit
when I got an offer from fusion and
fusion is it was an ABC Univision joint
venture when I when I started there they
said we won't be partisan for some
reason they decided to go far left and
start pushing a lot of things that I
thought were wrong they told me to in
effect lie right so the thing I bring up
is I I just have such disdain for these
these news organizations and how they
use definitions that suit their needs to
get the clicks they want you're all too
right today you're not alright tomorrow
Yeah right the the click thing is an
issue right how
much of an issue is that journalists are
essentially fighting for their lives
because newspaper is almost dead um its
online publications are trying they're
trying to get subscriptions like I
subscribe to several different write
news online public aid that used to be
newspapers but the last time I picked up
an actual newspaper it's so much so that
I felt like I had a joke about reading
something in the paper and like turning
the page that I almost felt like I'm a
liar for doing the joke about turning
the page of a paper right I remember the
last time I fucking did that everything
I've read is either on a tablet or on a
laptop or you know do you know what the
gallon man amia
effect is know when you're an expert in
MMA you're like one of the foremost
experts have you ever read a news
article about MMA that was so wrong no
just okay so that same newspaper you're
reading it you see that story and you
laugh how wrong it could be you turn the
page and there's a story about Syria and
you go I didn't know that right why
would you forget how wrong they were but
the reason I bring this up is the
analogy is that you turn the page yes
nobody doesn't you click the link right
right but but let's talk about clicks
one of the things we talked about the
other day is traffic assignment so I
know you asked me this they're fighting
for their lives it's a serious issue but
I just like to point out their lives
never existed in the media space yeah
please explain that because that was one
of the most most illuminating aspects of
our conversation on the phone yeah it's
it's publicly known but not talked about
a whole lot that these media
organizations mostly these digital new
startups don't actually get a lot of
views so what they do is it's called
traffic assignment there's a company
called comScore that tracks the the
viewership the unique views these sites
have if you're trying to attract
investment and you say we get twenty
million views per month they're gonna
say that's cool but this site gets sixty
what do they do well there are some
sites this is according to Variety
modern farmer comm what is that I have
no idea I've never heard of it but there
are many sites which you've probably
seen where it's like the top 25
celebrities who you know mess up their
makeup yes you click the page and I'll
show you a photo in order to see the
next photo
you got to click the next page that's
that way they turn you one person at
twenty-five unique views are twenty five
views I wants a unique
then a company like vice for instance
will buy the assignment of your traffic
and attribute it to themselves so when
the comScore numbers come out it will
say all of those views from those
clickbait sites are actually vice right
that's fucking crazy and so there was a
controversy a bit again I'm quoting
variety here I don't wanna get sued but
variety said that their traffic went
down 17% because someone they were
buying traffic assignment from was like
going through turmoil and shaken and
being shaken up and another one of their
traffic assignment partners switched to
I think like you know got sold to NBC or
something so so what ends up happening
well I can say a little bit there was a
company that was a prominent digital
news outlet I knew someone there who was
decently high up who told me our company
is contemplating whether or not we
should engage in traffic assignment to
inflate our numbers and I said don't do
it like that's wrong yeah and they said
but we need investment so I wonder if is
that fraud yes but if comScore is is
just lumping the numbers together and I
go to you and say according to comScore
our network brings in 60 million I
didn't lie that's all true yes that's
true so here's what happens these
companies get massive investment they
don't actually generate enough clicks or
enough money then once the investment
runs out those jobs never existed those
were those were padded by investors so
god that's squirrely everything
collapses it seems like fraud I mean he
nuts to me yeah that seems like if that
was if you were doing that with some
tech stock yep yeah right yep Sonos or
something like that you know I was told
by another individual who was at at one
of these digital companies that he felt
like what we were seeing was akin to the
securities problem that yeah
mortgage-backed securities yes from
dozen eight yeah that's a better analogy
right that he said he said think about
this you've had all of these big
companies he's big investment hundreds
of millions of dollars $200 invested
into these digital media outlets because
they're seeing these numbers but
underneath there's nothing there and
is crazy so if you're investing money
say if you've got some some cash you've
worked your ass off and you've generated
a lot of money and you're like look
we're gonna get into the digital space
we have a website that has 90 million
clicks and we're gonna take that and
then you find out you just got fucking
hosed how is that not fraud because
buyer beware well because there's laws
that legalize fraud you know here's the
thing right is a law is it a lot but
look it's it's it's it's an interesting
loophole it's not fraud right because
they didn't lie to you they didn't
deceive you you had every opportunity to
look at those numbers and see where they
came from to understand what their
network was okay well that may be the
case but the act of doing it and the act
of the fact that you can do it and
really you're getting money it's fucking
crazy shady but I'll tell you I'll tell
you what uh something else too and I and
I say this with the utmost respect for
for Shane Smith who you know I worked at
vice we've gone out for drinks they they
flew me I love Shane he's cool dude
but he's brilliant absolutely brilliant
he is a master of I don't know what you
discuss it's a form you know so I grew
up with a bunch of hacker buddies and it
in a small little hacker community and
social engineering is something that
I've been you know relatively well
versed in and Shane whether he knows it
or not really really understands how
people think and how to get them to do
things so I'll give you a fascinating
example I left device in 2014 and after
I left some of the people I had had
brought on their recommendation we're
still there this body of mine says dude
good news I'm going to be running then
I'm going to be helping produce the news
program for the cable channel I was like
wow congratulations doesn't mean you're
moving to Toronto he goes why would I
moved to Toronto and I was like to work
on the cable channel this is back in
2014 he goes we're talking about we're
getting a cable channel I'm gonna work
on the news show and I was like dude it
was a Rogers deal the cable channels in
Canada it wasn't a couple years later so
they got the us-based Channel but what
happened was a bunch of my friends who
worked advice didn't know the cable
channel they got was based in Canada but
they believed they were gonna be working
on a cable channel in the US that's
important because you need people to
really want to work there and be
passionate and Shane was a master of
giving you just enough information so
that you believed in what you were doing
without real
it's actually not that great and I'm not
trying to be dick I think Shane's
fantastic I don't blame him for this but
it's clever you get a bunch of employees
who believe they're gonna be on this big
new American cable channel well she
never said American he just had cable
channel it's your fault for assuming it
was gonna be in America but that meant a
lot to those employees so you're able to
boost morale get everybody really
excited until they find out was in
Canada and then they were like wait what
but eventually they did it they did get
their u.s. channel but that's you know
Shane's he's brilliant he really is he's
you ever play civilization the video
game no it's fantastic I love this game
I'm playing sieve six right now Dan and
you can get there called great people
they're called great people that if you
earn enough points you'll get like a
you'll get like Galileo he'll appear and
your civilization museum I firmly
believe that in a hundred years the next
you know civilization 50 you'll be able
to earn a great merchants - Shane Smith
because of how I'm like I you know he
was able to build this Empire he did it
through very clever ways of getting
investment and admittedly I really like
the stuff they used to do back in the
day I think the guys Wow
he knows how to do it and the reason I
bring him up is because the big story
about traffic assignment was vice losing
like 17% because of that practice they
were doing so he really knew how to do
the smoke and mirrors you know but when
you look at the other when you look at
how it pays out a plant pans out to all
the other news outlets then Navin gets
laid off you have to one you don't have
to wonder why a thousand jobs just got
lost in the past week it's just
investment money and once they reach
their threshold at all you know came
crashing down God the the the modern
farmer example like the modern farmer
what is it I think it's the clicks just
the the the the fact that that you can
actually buy those clicks and attribute
them to something different and then you
can tell people in the way how many
views I got yeah
so I think they go out and do that and
sail over to Joe Rogan comm yo yeah and
there's there's other really clever
things to like and I don't think this
one is on par but make you have one
YouTube channel a thousand subs make ten
more ask all yourself to subscribe now
you've got 10,000 subs get it
same thousand people yeah and times and
you've got you go around telling people
I've got 10,000 subscribers when in
reality it's just the thousand people on
ten channels
so there's really clever ways to inflate
your numbers and this attracts
investment it also but more importantly
it allows leverage in dealing with ad
with ad buyers and ad networks what are
people doing when they're boosting up
their Instagram numbers I don't know a
lot about Instagram I pull it up I can't
show you right now I just went to a
website buy YouTube views calm for
twenty eight hundred dollars you can
have a million views that's but there's
there's there's there's um there's
there's good reasons to do it not if you
want to be a youtuber if you want to be
successful on YouTube buying views
ensures you will never make it but look
at it this way no one do this no one I
am not advocating for another to explain
film ten videos a full season of the Joe
Rogan Travel adventure by a million
views on each to be patted out over a
month go to A&E look at this show we
launched million views per episode you
want to buy it
Wow got a bunch of fans a million people
watch each episodes fantastic you see
not you see what I mean
yes well if you're full of shit yeah but
hey men they're people who it's snake
oil as people who do this
yeah well here's the thing you get
access to a network with real views
you'll get traffic right you know if you
can trick your way into getting on TV
fake it till you make it it's dirty it's
it's illegal right I wasn't illegal
that's fraud well actually I don't know
if I don't think it is fraud if well I
mean the the clicks like that I think I
think New York there was someone sent me
an article that the Attorney General of
once that may have been New York said
misrepresenting yourself online through
fake views clicks and likes is illegal I
think what they were saying is that
using other people's images to create
fake accounts is like invasion of
privacy or something but we're getting
to that point but you know there's
people who play that game I guess you
you you can really you can really pull
it off I've met a lot of people who
there's a bunch of tricks man you ever
you know team follow back is from
Twitter you could seen it I've seen the
hash tag what does that mean um it may
have changed but essentially I follow
you follow me that way you'll see some
people have they'll be following a
hundred thousand people and they'll be
followed by a hunt you know ninety
thousand people and then they walk
around bragging about how they got
ninety thousand followers and it's like
well
like you just have an agreement with
them you're not influential it was a
trick that people would do to inflate
their numbers right but those numbers
are legitimate if you do post something
on toast it will reach 90,000 absolutely
so there's definitely merit oh yeah yeah
yeah it I've seen it work I have seen a
translate but it's just that it's a
trick it's a trick of gaming system yeah
there's there's a lot of sneakiness
going on but well I have faked Twitter
followers
I didn't pay for him but I found them
well through that one of those how many
of your Twitter followers are fake
those those aren't so good yeah what
does that mean is it like so many of the
people don't engage I think that's what
it's based on right and that doesn't
make sense
well it doesn't make sense and also
because what if they just are logged in
they just read exactly and that's most
Twitter users right which is still
engaging you're just not going to ways
so that's one of the big problems with
tracking fake accounts is that it's just
someone's opinion their most hot that's
it so there's two things most high
profile accounts will read as having a
ton of fake followers because people
will sign up just to follow you and
really give to say because they want
your feet they want you they want Joe
they want you know Bill Clinton or
whoever and they want to have that feet
of people they don't they don't interact
and so then they're labeled to fake the
other thing is when people make fake bot
farms they purposefully will follow
people like you so they look real right
so you do get fake ones
sure and it's hard to know you know
people point to politicians and always
like to claim they're fake followers but
I'll tell you what you could you could
easily go online and buy followers for
someone else it happened I believe this
happened to the daily I say I believe it
luxe I don't to get sued just so you
know The Daily Dot one day jumped like
thirty thousand Twitter followers and
had to put out a message saying someone
bought followers for us we didn't do
this we are actively trying to remove
them right now it's difficult because
you don't know who's real and who's fake
effort happens right man there's they're
scared you possibly removed them that
you'd have to find out like what what
the timeline was and how quickly they
came in and go to each individual
account
well there's there there's a thing that
I think there's an app that allows you
to purge what they view as fake you can
block and unblock them and they're not
following you anymore but it's stuff man
they're they're they're terrifying ways
to you know I mentioned buying views
will destroy your YouTube channel
because YouTube knows they're fake right
yeah so think about what you can do to
other people if you have three grand you
want to drown it
right yep yeah either YouTube vibe I've
use for them attributed to them and then
get them in trouble
but I will say for people like you and
to an extent people like me cuz I have
contacts at Google that wouldn't work on
us right I just make a phone call and
say I just wanna let you know and they
got no problem yeah but let's say you're
somebody with a hundred thousand
subscribers you know you're making a
living you got a career on YouTube but
you don't have a manager with YouTube
you don't have contacts with Google if
someone attacks your account you're out
you know you know they can just do that
scary you know yeah I'm in Jeff Bezos
oh yeah Jeff Bezos man-crazy is the
National Inquirer
allegedly we should say allegedly I
believe allegedly I don't wanna get sued
tried to extort him and it's about the
Jamaal khashoggi investigation from the
Washington Post it's all connected to
that I read I read a bit about it I
started reading more when Ronan Farrow
came out and claimed that they went to
him too so I'm not as versed like I
haven't read I read through they they
mean II mean quietly Enquirer yeah Ronan
Farrow it was a story I think was from
the week where run and Pharaoh says that
they approached him and you know put
pressure on him as well but you know the
interesting thing is when I read that
story I kind of laughed because I was
like member Cocker yeah remember when
they public when they outed Peter Thiel
and then yes you know Hulk Hogan like
you know these people are really brave
to go up against billionaires like this
and try and drag them yeah I also point
out it's kind of scary that you live in
a world where a billionaire can destroy
your company because they're angry at
you but my it's also kind of scary that
they can use this to extort him so that
he doesn't he takes the Washington Post
or bench attempting write him to take
the Washington Post and remove a
legitimate news story about an actual
murder I don't trust the Washington Post
but you know that's an aside and that is
an aside yeah like if it you know when I
look at what the National Enquirer did
it just reminds me of what the media
does mm-hmm they know what they can do
and they know how to do it the media is
influence its power you know brands
they're scared they're scared so you
look at what happens with some of these
Twitter accounts that will lead
campaigns where they encourage all their
followers to send emails
it's it's it's not the same as blackmail
I know means but when you know there's
an attack vector like you know what is
that wild sardines company they don't
want to deal with a brigade from
activists you tweeted them your fans
tweeted them and they immediately cancel
on your show and they disavow you unless
you do something unless you say
something unless you disavow something
hmm
you know so granted it's it's leaps and
bounds worse when it wouldn't win a
National Enquirer allegedly you know
tries to extort Jeff Bezos the craziest
thing about it is alleged again
allegedly that the investigator I think
his name is Becker was entertaining the
possibility that a government entity
intercepted the texts the nude selfies
from Jesus but I did see another
journalist tweet that they're not
entertaining that they're not pursuing
it it was just a thought so maybe it's
not real well part of the thought was
that his girlfriend's brother who's a
trump supporter might have somehow or
another got screen grabs of her phone it
was really interesting when Bezos said
because he owns the post people people
presume he's their enemy yeah that's
that's another point I'd bring up too
when it comes to like banning Alex Jones
just because someone's reporting
something doesn't mean they're
advocating for it but sometimes they are
it's like you got to understand the
nuance in that yeah but I yeah I mean
Bezos is probably not the person you'd
want to target I could you imagine what
would happen if Bezos showed up at the
Washington Post and said guys kill the
story every journalist would tweet it
yeah babies all showed up it just killed
our story yeah it's almost impossible
it's oh so unrealistic but maybe there's
more to it I mean yeah the the real the
and this is the big conspiracy theory
was that you know Trump always calls him
Jeff bozo right someone from that side
is involved in this yeah and you know
because Trump's always had this
relationship with the Enquirer that big
concern right yeah so I don't I don't
know I guess I'd you know this is a
relatively new story and I've been you
know here so I don't know as much about
it as I probably should which just shows
you how crazy digital media's and
digital things like sending things
through the air and it's just well and
that people can get intercepted that's
why you know when I when I mentioned
earlier the potential for civil war like
we don't know what it could look like
this could be it could be special
interests using information it's the
information war you know things that
people have talked about
I was thinking about this a while ago
it's like man why why did people shoot
each other 100 years ago that means
he'll do but like you know World War 2
why are they running it because they
wanted to gain control they wanted they
want to centralize power or they wanted
to in you know push it an ideology or a
government or expand their power you
don't need to shoot somebody to do that
you just need to convince them you're
right or you need to get them to fight
each other so I think it's fair to say
yeah the Russians are absolutely
screwing with us but we've learned
through if you trust the reporting and
it's hard to know what's real or not
that the Russian campaigns were not only
promoting Trump supporters but they were
promoting black lives matter why they
came to fight well they weren't just
doing that there's a fantastic podcast
that Sam Harris released recently with
let me get her name so I can his see if
you can find Jamie it's called the
information war that's the name of the
podcast but they were they were doing
all sorts of different things like not
just trying to Renee de Oeste de Resta
and I'm working on getting her down here
soon that they were they also had like
Texas culture they had yes trans rights
they have yet they they even organized
Facebook campaigns where they had a pro
Texas group and a pro Muslim group meet
across the street from each other I mean
they're they're sowing seeds of dissent
like organizing it and I think I be
willing to entertain the possibility
that what we call the culture war today
was seated specifically by special
interests potentially Russia nothing to
do about it
it's done you know when when people
adopt an ideology you can't easily break
that and some people refuse to cross
that divide you know yeah but it's just
so funny how many different ways they
were attacking this they had a blue
lives matter groups and black lives
matter groups and they put people at
odds with each other and one of the big
ones that they did was they they
targeted African Americans and we're
trying to get them to vote for anyone
other than Hillary and this is like an
engineered campaign that Jill Stein's
our vote we're like we can't vote for
Hillary like Hillary does not support us
we can't vote for Hillary and so it made
it very tribal the first thing we have
we have to assume is that it was
effective you know that what we view in
the culture war was
exacerbated by these campaigns we don't
know we don't know to what extent they
had an influence over the US but I will
say I think it's fair to point out they
play a role and then we can see what
happens Charlottesville you know you
know we can see the dramatic escalation
where you end up with some crazy guy
associated with you know white
nationalism ramming a car into a bunch
of protesters yeah it's you know people
get riled up to a point there's a really
great video called this video will make
you angry by CGP grey where he talks
about how these groups they argue
amongst each other not against each
other they make each other angry by
posting images of the other you know
there's certain subreddits where I don't
want to you know start a brigade but
they'll post memes non-stop attacking a
particular politician they're not
arguing with the left or the right
they're arguing to themselves about
what's wrong with the other and so these
groups grow and get angrier and angrier
and then when they finally meet in the
real world you get extreme violence so
it's very it's very possible to seed
those communities and rile people up
push these things yeah and well it's
also it's it seems pretty
straightforward how to manipulate them
and how to appeal to their tribal nature
and it's terrifying how easy it is yeah
man you know the storms will terrifying
how few people are aware that I mean
there's a lot of these really toxic
pages that you'll find that are
commenting on things that are yeah
whether its Instagram or Twitter or
whatever they're not they're not really
who you think they are and what ends up
happening the average person say on
Twitter will look at their mentions and
see ten tweets where they say you
shouldn't talk about this anymore how
dare you and they'll assume everyone
when in reality it could be one person
right that works well this is this is
what gets companies to run away from
sponsoring you know shows and stuff they
think everyone's attacking them it could
be one person where do you think this
goes if you're if you're looking at this
like this is fairly new right all of
this stuff is fairly new and and really
kind of this is uncharted territory in
terms of how to navigate this stuff and
they're sort of figuring out what the
influences are as we go along and again
ten years ago this didn't even exist so
this is all all where do you think it's
going u.s. destabilization real and at a
dangerous dangerous level
so patreon right it's the it's the
independent economy if you're a youtuber
if you're a podcaster if you're an
artist if you're a cosplay or whatever
well they decide to ban some people for
reasons that don't make sense like
Sargon didn't violate the tos but they
ban him anyway so Sargon goes to
subscribe star activists then decide
Sargon shouldn't be allowed to make
money period so they start you know
campaigning against subscribe star
subscribe star loses access to PayPal
and stripe so no can no longer process
payments who made that decision to
remove it yes most likely PayPal I
believe I believe they said on the
website PayPal you know cuz what happens
is PayPal get scared oh we don't want to
be involved in this
well it's something else happened
subscribe Star reactivated there they've
got a new payment processor which means
we've seen that the budding off of an of
a mirror economy which is dangerous the
the fact that Americans in general can't
share the same platform and had to
create an alternate an alternate that
had to be supported by separate means if
this continues in that direction we're
going to end up with tons of systems
that operate for only certain political
factions Jack jack conte the page the
CEO of patreon said - I believe CNBC you
can't say anything you want in the world
what does what I say in the world have
to do with what you what service you
provide now by all means if you want to
ban them you can but you can then see
the adopting of ideology someone posted
a funny comment a company that refuses
to sell water to a dehydrated man in the
desert because they think the wrong
thing but then what happens different
companies emerge and you get tribes that
are divided not only by their ideology
but literally they're unable to
communicate with each other that can
only lead to one thing the tribes
getting physical
Charlottesville Portland ball - a boston
Berkeley San Bernadino these various
instances where the they've clashed and
bashed each other people have been
killed some people show up with guns I
think that's I got to be honest I don't
think there's a way to fix it I don't
really there's a hilarious comment I'm
sorry comic programmer humor on reddit
and they said when you talk to an
airplane engineer or mechanic they say
oh yeah these things are engineered say
you're more likely to get into car
accident than down an airplane you know
when you talk to electrical engineer oh
god we've got so many redundancies that
the system will fail if you know when
you talk to a programmer everything's
everything's bad voting machines are
corrupt the system is failing we can't
secure it like there was a kid at DEFCON
hacker convention who hacked a voting
machine like that
yeah like the whole system is I gotta
say you know that story I told you about
High Times yes imagine if someone did
that but it was a political story how
easy would it be to rile people up and
get them violent it's it's it's it's
it's dangerously easy it's terrifying
yeah it's very easy to get people riled
up with fake stories and and you know
and once they go viral there's no
stopping it and I think we're seeing a
really even more terrifying phenomenon
in that even when we have evidence in
front of our eyes
Covington mm-hmm people refuse right
reza aslan for instance yeah he won't
back down yeah it's like the the the
this it was the first video that just
shows the one kid standing next to
Phillips that goes viral I can
understand why people saw that more like
whoa but the second video that went
viral almost the exact same time showed
Phillips walk up to the kid immediately
disproving the original narrative of the
kid approached him but even Bill Maher
still got it wrong you know so even when
people can see exactly what happened it
doesn't fit their narrative don't
believe it yeah and there was an article
that I think it may have been in Gizmodo
or Deadspin or something that said don't
listen to them we all know what we saw
and it's like dude that's if we're
getting to the point where kids at a
blackout basketball game we have black
body paint and throwing up 3-pointer
signs is not cease how do you how do you
bring those people back from that from
the brink
and I'll say this too like I obviously
have been you know I very didn't mention
ultimate violence all that often but
then you have to realize the alt-right
is tiny tiny tiny tiny they're they're
rare they've admitted defeat you know
Richard Spencer say I think he said this
at ante fo 1 or something no one showed
up he hit an event in Florida 11 people
showed up I'm not worried about that guy
I'm worried about these fringe
ideologies that are racist intolerant
and violent slowly seeping into our
culture like when you see politicians
openly embrace like race-based
government policy it's war it really
does worry me you know my III think I
have this perspective growing up in a
mixed-race family
where I've been insulted by the left for
being white and I've been insulted by
far-right racists for being you know a
mutt and so I don't like either of it
I really don't but the white supremacist
types are falling apart and they don't
threaten me anymore they just don't but
the left-wing racism and the and these
ideas of racial equity and determining
what your worth based on the color of
your skin are becoming more and more
pervasive the lawsuit with Harvard that
that Asians have a harder standard a
tougher standard for getting in
even though agents are a smaller
minority than white people yeah why does
that make sense why should I have to
approach someone and justify my race to
them that terrifies me it really does
and we see kirsten gillibrand tweet the
future as intersectional well
intersectionality is that ideology of
race-based policy Ocasio Cortez put
forth puts puts forth the green new deal
that says racial equity I prefer to
judge someone in the content of their
character not the color of their skin
well that's also that's the kind of talk
that gets Trump reelected Oh God
and that's that that's what my biggest
pet peeves because you know I've talked
about progressive tax I I think we can
do a lot for a public option for
expanding Medicaid the idea of a green
new deal at its core to me is
fascinating can the government you know
can we allocate tax money to invest in
new technologies fusion nuclear and
reduce carbon emissions and do great
things can we make high-speed rails but
then when you come out and say pay the
unwilling and these other equity things
and intersectionality I'm like that's
that's not that's not what I'm talking
about I can't support that the unwilling
is the most preposterous one the idea
that someone's unwilling to work we need
to provide them with a living that's
insanity I mean that's the ultimate
progressive bend but and that's where it
keeps going where they're trying to out
progressive the next concept but but
hold on in a socialist or communist
society stuff to work yeah I don't know
what society exists where you expect
people to undertake the greatest
construction project in the history of
humanity a massive train network that
makes all planes obsolete but at the
same time tell people they don't have to
work if they want money well this is
what we're saying it's like as these
ideologies get more and more ridiculous
they try to out progressive the next
step like it's a fundamental right for
you to earn a living and and pew pew
research reason
put out a poll last couple weeks ago
Democrat the Democratic Party 54% want
more moderate policies so I my fall in
that bracket but still you still have
about 43 or so that want more
left-leaning policies both that means as
the parties split and so here's the
problem I see if you're gonna put me up
if you're gonna say Tim you got a vote
you have to vote you have to make a
choice you've got a moderate
conservative who believes things I'd
really don't agree with but he doesn't
want to give money to people don't work
and he doesn't believe in identitarian
politics and race equity or whatever and
then you've got the Democrats who are so
far left to me I can't even see them
anymore who do you think you know social
liberals and and and and liberals are
gonna vote for the closest person to
them politically will be a conservative
yeah
that's what scares me you know we had
this great future with a potential for a
public option for expanding Medicaid for
I mean look I I really do believe social
programs are important we can do more I
like a lot of what Bernie has to say I
think we need to reform education but I
think education could be expanded again
I'm interested in the ideas I want to
advocate for them but we need to figure
out how to do it but my pilot like where
I fit politically I'm politically
homeless I don't agree with someone
judging me based on my race I've been
through that hell no never again
people vandalizing my home because they
didn't like that at a brown mom and a
white dad I don't want to live in that
world I don't want you to look me in the
eyes and say I tell people look it this
way when it comes to Harvard I want you
to look into the eyes of that little
asian boy and say honey you can't go to
Harvard you're Asian you look too much
like those people how does that make
sense why is it that just because this
kid looks similar to this kid you're
gonna tell him he has a harder standard
for Pat for the SATs to get into the
school I just I refuse I absolutely it's
disgusting and the fact that it's coming
from Harvard is so confusing yeah that
the hyatt mean that is the school right
when you think about higher learning
like where'd you grow up my dad
graduated from Harvard well Harvard
that's Harvard that's the school and the
fact that they're practicing this way
they say it's because if they didn't do
that the student body would be
overwhelmingly Asian is proportionate to
their that's out white people I don't
care
job I don't think you get to look at
someone and say you look too much like
they do no it's crazy it's yeah it's
it's not a meritocracy if you do that I
want to talk to about universal basic
income what do you see
what do you think about artificial
intelligence and artificial intelligence
and automation and the removal of all
these jobs is a real concern that a lot
of people have and then the the way to
mitigate it that's being bandied about
is universal basic income that they
would give you a certain amount of money
and I think the idea is that everyone
would get it even wealthy people would
get it yeah and that would be the only
way to make it fair but where the fuck
is that money coming from and then what
do you think about it I I don't think it
I'm not an economist man right you know
but I don't I don't think it's feasible
at least right now I do believe that on
a technological level we will eventually
reach like a Star Trek you know kind of
future where it's not about communism
it's just literally like we have no
scarcity is gone right like they have
replicators but when it comes to
universal basic income people need to
understand some basic economic
principles if everybody gets $1,000 okay
that's 300 million thousand dollars
right right but it's not everybody it's
everybody of working-age right yes so so
let's let's let's do this under my own I
own a burger shop I need to hire someone
to flip burgers so I say we pay 10 bucks
an hour it's it's not it's not a lot but
we're a small business we can't really
afford to pay more so acceptable they
say I get a thousand bucks a month why
would I why would I spend you know if if
you know that not really well the idea
is that the thousand bucks a month you
get you get to keep and then the my
times were there more than ten bucks an
hour
mmm I don't care what I was when I when
I was 17 18 I worked for American Eagle
Airlines I was lifting like 50,000
pounds per day and I was getting ten
bucks an hour he might have been jacked
no I well I was I've been skateboarding
my whole life so I was certainly you
know in shape but if you gave if you
told me hey you know how you're making
less than a thousand bucks a month
working full-time after taxes how about
we just give you a thousand bucks I bet
I'll be the skatepark yeah I'll be out
you know so there's some positives that
people will pursue their passions but
hold on how many people do you know want
to be comedians and they're not funny
core quite a few and imagine if you said
we're gonna subsidize your endeavor into
a thing you're not good at how many
people are really good at cart being
carpenters but they wish they could be
pro football players how many people are
really good at being teachers but want
to be a famous actor so what do you
think would be some sort of an
appropriate response to automation and
artificial intelligence you can't just
have millions and millions of
people just have nowhere you know and
that's that's a techno I said this is
why I you know I've never been a pot
smoker I think I've smoked like once in
my life I won't try now no I I just not
my thing
but everyone always would think I was
stoned because I would talk about this
kind of stuff with my friends while they
were stoned the philosophical
consequences of technological innovation
it is not the postmasters fault that he
spent 30 years becoming the best of the
best in working at the post office that
technology emerged that is going to
displace him and make him and put him in
the poorhouse right when I was about 19
years old I was skateboarding in
downtown Chicago and I saw an old black
homeless man and I had some leftover
food and I was like hey what's up dude
you want some food he was like oh you
know thanks man and I was just like I
got a no can I ask you a question how
did you become homeless and he said you
know what man he's I think he was like
60 something he said I used to have a
job I worked all day everyday I had a
family eventually you know my didn't
have kids my friends started to get old
and move on I lost touch with lot of him
some of them died and one day I got told
that my job wasn't needed anymore
and so I couldn't do anything when on
unemployment for a little bit but my you
know the job I was good at didn't exist
right I can't report active we said this
is 14 years ago but he was like so
everywhere I went I said you know I'll
do anything I'll do anything but even
the small jobs that paid a little bit to
flip burgers weren't enough to cover my
rent after a few months I could I got
evicted then because I didn't have a
place to live I couldn't go to the job I
did have I started sleeping outside and
I've been here ever since
I'm like that said you know and that's
that's that's a sad reality what do you
do I don't know hey OC but she hooks you
up but that's the thing she goes too far
but this is why I believe in some kind
of social policy and saying that Social
Security something to help these people
well for sure you know if we have a real
community you would help out the people
that are in your community with you yes
that's you know you know communism works
really really well when you have like
five people right yeah I try explaining
to people they always make this
political you know the political compass
authoritarian libertarian left right and
they people like to claim that
anarchists like the violent smashy ones
in an tyfa are libertarian laughter no
man no no no no like the libertarian
left quadrant are
smoking hippies live on farms
anarcho-communism makes a ton of sense
when it's you and your buddies working
together on a farm sharing
responsibilities and does it make sense
for a community of you know 300 million
people and you have to trade extremely
specific resources to make a computer
happen right at that point you need to
be able to quantify the value of
specific objects and that's why
communism doesn't work for massive on
massive scale but I will say when
artificial intelligence is a different
conversation
you know technological advance and
advancement is gonna result in like
Luddite riots you know people you know
the opioid crisis yeah III could be
wrong I read that there was a connection
between unemployment from these
factories getting shut down and
depressed dudes poppin pills
there was a masculinity report was
published by Harry's the shaving company
and they said the over the overwhelming
majority of what contributes to a man's
happiness as gainful employment like
like 80 percent so what happens when a
factory shuts down you got a bunch of
young dudes who want to do something
they want to matter but they can't
there's no there's nowhere to go anymore
especially in a small town but I'll tell
you what man percocets feel real good
you know those drugs they feel fantastic
but they'll kill you so that's you know
I think this contributes to the
popularity of Bernie Sanders and Trump
they talked about the working class I
talked about these free trade agreements
hurting people they talked about getting
the factories back together and that
means a lot to people who have been
popping pills who are depressed to are
sad and scared that's a lot of people in
this country so to wrap this up um the
only the only other thing that I think I
I would like to at least make an attempt
at is what would be the path for a
person who's been banned from these
social media sites what what do you
think would be a reasonable way to bring
people back into the conversation um
whether it's YouTube or whatever what
would be a reasonable way I mean don't
you think there should be an attack on
its reinstate it I mean just anybody
anybody no matter what they've done well
if you commit a crime you've got to you
know you get caught you go to jail right
then when you get out you're free to
engage in normal you know so cynical
behavior do you think that the concept
of a
permanent ban is in some way almost a
nun American concept oh man I don't know
to get that specific like well we're
into freedoms what is it ma'am
I believe that as long as these
companies are monopolies and they are
the public sphere it is wrong to
permanently exile someone for saying a
bad word for holding the wrong opinion
well a lot of these like learn to code
or they're fucking preposterous I mean
to ban someone permanently for something
that what we're saying a man is never a
woman right that was a permanent ban men
aren't women though yes that's that's
absurd and terrifying yeah but even um
like Milo being banned why because he
was tweeting at a celebrity right you're
supposed to tweet at celebrities well
not only that it was I mean the
criticism of that movie was no different
than the criticism of any movie that
they thought sucked right but it
happened to be about a feminist idea or
a woman's enemy what was always
interesting is that I mean it's been so
long so forgive me if I get this wrong
but I believe Leslie Jones was tweeting
her followers to go to Milo as well or
something w so yeah well you know she's
she's but she's done some some
questionable tweets herself Hey look
people blocked me for no reason I have
no idea why some people have blocked me
yeah I've gone to people's pages and
found that I'm blog because that block
lists yeah well there's your solution if
you know if you don't you know so what
they say what they say is it's actually
really interesting precedent the daily
stormer encouraged this is I'm going off
of some news reports I could be wrong
encouraged people to send you know
racist images and start sending mean
things to this woman who I think I
believe was a Asian or black and a court
ruled that the First Amendment will not
protect you if you encourage others to
engage in harassment it's really
interesting then when we consider what's
gonna happen with the lawsuits towards
all of the people who smeared and
defamed and called for action against
Covington kids right that's precedent
that was used against daily Stormers not
gonna be used against these high-profile
celebrities and personalities and are
there lawsuits that are being formed
right now after that yeah the big news
the five lawyers I think I came over the
guy's name huge list huge list a lot of
like you know a lot of people did delete
their tweets but a lot of people didn't
retract
bill Mahr four days later it's like
after people were already offering to
represent these families and threatened
lawsuits Bill Maher then comes out with
his bad information
but anyway ultimately to the point of
redemption we shouldn't permanently
exile people for saying things that we
think are wrong what really scares me
about the Alex Jones then I am not what
I'm about to say is not to claim that
Alex Jones is mentally deficient or
anything like that that's not my that's
if you can have whatever pin you want
the point is if your justification for
banning him is that he said San Diego
wasn't real does that mean people who
are who don't have a grasp on reality
aren't allowed to use social media is
that does that mean that people who are
stupid aren't allowed to social media
people who are eventually you don't have
to have an intelligence test to use
social media that's insane yeah you know
people are allowed to say what they want
to say and I think so long as Twitter is
a monopoly they should probably we
should probably have some protections on
being the ability to engage in public
discourse I'll give you a really
important point Occupy Wall Street took
place in Zuccotti Park in New York on
what's called a privately owned public
space pups this space is owned by a
private entity however they had no legal
grounds for evicting the protesters from
the park because it was encouraged the
public was encouraged to come so I would
argue if Twitter is actively encouraging
public participation they lose the
protections to ban whoever they want I
think it's rather terrifying that you
would cede political power in this
capacity to foreign interest
stockholders and private individuals at
a massive corporation a monopoly that's
not even beholden to the US to a certain
degree
you know I forgive me for being a little
bit of a liberal who wants regulation on
massive corporations but I'm just I'm
surprised I don't see it you know from
other people on the left it's a very
compelling argument and I think the more
it's fleshed out the more it seems to we
definitely have an issue
it's a giant issue and it doesn't go
away when you just ban people oh no you
create parallel economies worlds and you
end up with backlash yeah well this in
man I'm really happy you came I'm really
happy we did this and just thank you
thank you for educating me on this and
giving you a perspective and it's a very
very articulate and very intelligent
perspective and I really appreciate it
and I think for everyone this helps us
too
get an understanding of you know this
this the whole spectrum of what's going
on with all the stuff yeah and I'll just
add by saying I don't think I'm the
smartest person in the world I probably
got a lot I probably get a lot wrong I I
do my best to try and you know have my
facts straight if I don't forgive me
fact check me all the time
you know do your due diligence but you
know I appreciate your perspective
thank you brother thanks man thanks
Graham and thank you once again yeah Tim
Poole ladies and gentlemen by
[Applause]
[Music]